I am Jeff Davis and Harmontown is now in session.
And please welcome the Mayor of Harmontown, Nan Harmon!
Did you introduce me?
I didn't hear.
Yeah, I introduced you.
I based it on the applause.
Bobcat Goldway, our best controller, Toronto.
Wow, we got a double-decker, full-packed house here in Toronto.
At the Bloor Theatre.
Yeah.
That only shows documentaries.
Is that true, really?
No.
People in the audience are going, bullshit, I saw Spider-Man here.
It seems like they secretly show high-profit movies on Thursday at 11pm.
You gotta know a guy.
Yeah, that does seem like a weird move in this day and age.
It seems like a really good commercial platform.
Only showing documentaries.
They might as well just show my movies and just go completely broke.
It was awesome!
See, that's why I want to kill myself.
For those listening, I just shout out, police academy is awesome.
I have made movies in this millennium.
The guys are yelling out, police academy is awesome.
I think they're familiar with police academy as maybe like a color form?
Well, they're rebooting them.
They're going to do what they did to Jump Street.
They're going to make them a comedy this time.
They're just going to have modern comedy stars.
Nick Offerman as Steve Gutenberg.
That sounds delightful.
Are they rebooting them?
Yeah, they are rebooting them.
What in the world?
Just call it cop comedy.
Dude, a new one.
There's purists who get upset.
They go, oh, really?
I was in two, three, and four.
Your character became a cop.
Your character was a criminal in the first one.
And then he was a cop in the second one.
Apparently at the Metropolitan Police Department, they don't have very stringent.
That was the whole idea, baby.
Yeah, apparently I went to Batman Jail, where I was out in a week.
The two of them I was in was up here in Toronto.
It seems like a nice city.
It feels gothamy here a little bit.
When we were making police academy, we would have to dirty the streets.
So it looked like America.
This is the truth.
And people would come by and clean.
Like they would pick up the trash.
Get out of here, Canadian! Get out! Get out!
There's Canadians infesting the film stuff.
They keep picking up the litter.
Put down that Tim Horton's cup.
We put it there on purpose.
Yeah, so they would actually do that.
Canadians.
You know, I had the quintessential Canadian experience on the way here.
And there's a lot of cliches that are true.
And you guys are friendlier and a little bit nicer.
And just deal with it.
I mean, you're snarky too.
I know what you say behind our backs.
No, they will argue with you about anything.
Yeah, they don't tip.
They go, we're not nice.
You don't hate me, do you?
So I see this guy on a moped when I was walking here to the theatre.
And he gets cut off and almost creamed.
He's almost hit by this Prius.
And so he catches up with the Prius and he hits the window.
And I'm like, oh, this is good.
This is going to go.
It's on.
And the guy looks at the other guy.
And the guy on the moped looks at him.
And then he really angrily waves at him.
Hello.
Hi.
Like, have you noticed me?
What was the effort there to give the finger?
It would have just been bending three fingers.
And he's just...
That would hurt me more, though, wouldn't you, as a driver?
I'd be like, God, that guy...
Absolutely.
In rare moments in my life, I've experienced...
I've done it right just on accident, really, because I was trying to be so sarcastic.
And the other person was so nice.
I remember having instances in traffic where someone's honking at me angrily.
It makes me...
It puts my ire up.
And then I would look over at them, make eye contact with them,
and do this big show of like...
Like, fully expecting you to get shot for it.
But then the person in the other car would just start laughing.
That guy doesn't mug me aggressively.
Yeah, maybe we should all be doing comedy in this moment.
What is my problem?
I got re-rendered on the 101 during, like, where traffic was at all stop.
And this guy gets out, and here's a Mexican gentleman, and it was his truck.
And we go to exchange each other's insurance.
And then he hands me his license, and it says it was suspended, that his license was suspended.
And then I go, dude, just forget it, my car's fine.
And he starts crying, and he hugs me.
And unlike you, I'm not cool with the hugs.
Unlike me.
Well, all these big...
I don't know, man.
What is your target audience?
We love bears.
It's 600 hours of footage of that movie.
Like, I hugged eight people.
Yeah, we should say there was a screening this evening.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And by the way, I love the movie. It was really wonderful.
Oh, yeah, I'm glad you liked it. It's very flattering.
It was very sweet and funny, and everything I want in a movie.
Ah, that's nice. I know you would tell me otherwise, I think.
I mean, not that you're...
I would just say, hey, that was good.
Yeah, you would be polite, but I would know that you didn't like it.
And I could tell you saw some merit in it.
Of course, I sat next to you and I was laughing, and I was worried that my laugh sounded like Max Cady in the Cape Fear remake, you know.
I fell asleep because I'm 41, and not because the movie's boring, but because I just...
I don't know, I had some of these Mill Street loggers.
Do you want me to tell you how it ends?
No, no, I know it is. That's the fact that guy sucks his thumb and says he's not going to change.
But yeah, I woke up to people laughing, and I thought they were laughing at me snoring, and I was like, hey, make a movie about that.
But yeah, what is that Canadian...
I think in America, are we socialized to compartmentalize to the point where we become psychotic?
Are we trained? Do people in Canada, because as a region...
I don't even know... Do you guys... Does Canada really consider itself to be a country?
Or do you guys really think about it in terms of like, nah, this is, you know, this is my province.
This is my, you know, because it's different from wherever you go.
Just say America in front of a Canadian, they'll correct you.
This is North America.
We're all American.
There's a whole chunk of everything. Really? Because on the news, when they say America bombed someone today, you don't go, us or them, I'm not sure.
But no, I just want to make sure I wasn't asking in a demeaning way, because I think that would be one part of the enlightened thing.
It's like, why be jingoistic about a big giant swath of land?
Well, but they do. It feels like Canadian is a little more civic in their mindset.
Sure, sure.
No, I mean, perhaps they're a little kinder to their brothers, but they've also got the most fucked up political system going.
No, but I mean, I mean, the top four to come on.
They're focused on, they're focused on shit that matters.
Maybe that's the only other shit that gets back to us, but it's not like, there is no such thing as like a, you know, Canada really stirred things up at the UN today.
You know, it's like, you know, America continues to rattle its saber on this like global scale.
So that's the only reason why you would have a reason to think of yourself as an American as opposed to perhaps a person from Portland or Milwaukee or Los Angeles,
which is what really matters. The key difference is what kind of, what way is the traffic going?
Does your city have a rail system? Does your city, how does it spend its money?
You know, it's like, it comes down to a civic level.
But I was thinking about this, because both of us grew up not far from Canada and the same kind of weather and the same kind of, you know...
Focus on humility.
Shame and oppressive religion.
But I don't know why, because I grew up in Syracuse, nice to come up to Toronto. It was like going to Paris, you know, I mean, it was like...
Yeah, the east side of Milwaukee. It was like, wow, they really...
These people are very bougie.
I used to come up here to Hitchhike with Tom Kenny up here to see Second City and stuff when we were teenagers.
Yeah, when you get into the airport, you feel a very, I don't know, it has a weird futuristic, like a 90s future feel.
I was like suddenly finding myself, I don't think I was that drunk, but I was like...
I wanted to go pitch William Gibson-like stuff.
I was like, Toronto, 2028.
It's just, you know, in the 90s you're going, wow, they're still hanging out at this grunge and you're going, oh no, it's cold. That's why they're flying.
It's cold, yeah. I think that's what it is. It's coldness and sophistication makes you...
Because I started craving Manhattan's. I was drinking a lot of bourbon today.
I was like, why am I not... Why? Why am I doing that?
Oh, because I'm not in a desert.
But it does have politics and its own craziness and stuff.
It's just that part of growing up in the US, we're not aware of other countries, even the two closest to us, you know what I mean?
It's our arrogance.
It just seems like too much to take on.
Well, have you been spending much time in Quebec?
Have you?
No, are there other troubles there?
Well, when you use English, they're going, do I hate you because you're American or from Ontario?
Like, they have to figure out why they hate you before they give you a rotten attitude.
Yeah, they have their own thing up here.
Speaking of weird things, this is something that...
There's something called Nuit Blanche happening right now.
Yeah.
Which people are tweeting me about and I immediately assumed it was racist.
I assumed that it was Pagan and probably racist.
But I think it's just sort of a silver-lakey kind of artist thing.
It's an all-night, seven-to-seven art festival and they do installations all around the city.
All right, high-roaded.
But at the same time, I heard some of the installations from last year and I was like, oh, that sounds great.
Everybody got together and they made a waterfall and a building.
All right.
What was that?
It was cool. That's what it was.
What's the literal translation of Nuit Blanche?
White night?
Okay, see, that's why I thought...
In America, that sounds like crystal knots.
It sounds like time for some justice.
We got 24 hours to purge.
Nuit Blanche, motherfucker.
Don't forget your real uppity right now, Mr. Keb Driver.
But tomorrow's Nuit Blanche.
Come say, come say, mother of under.
We stay away from white night in the south.
We went to Scotland and you were in Scotland at the same time as me and we didn't look each other up.
The hot-mini thing with the torches.
We were like, it was fucking great. We were all walking around the torches.
We can't do that here. We can't do it in America.
We turned fire racist.
That's hard work.
America works hard at racism. You're welcome.
We fucking figured out how to make racism fucking fundamental.
Well, you couldn't do it in the States because everybody would be suing each other.
Yeah, that's the other thing.
The post-racial America is now a...
I was watching in Hogmanay, it's 5,000 people with torches walking through Edinburgh and I'm like,
what do they do when they accidentally set each other on fire and someone goes, put them out.
And I witnessed it. I saw some people.
There's like little kids and they started to go up in flames and then the parent would pack them out.
Just like cavemen.
Let's give a baby a torch.
There's seven billion pieces of evidence that that's a fine system.
We didn't go extinct from burning to death.
Well, and there's a lot of drinking too.
Everyone's drunk and there's wicker everywhere.
You don't know if the superintendent's inside the wicker thing.
You figure he'll scream if he starts to burn.
That's kind of where I was hoping it was going.
I thought it was going to be wicker, man.
It was. It very much was.
That's what I was hoping to eat Blanche would be.
You and I would end up in a tea kettle made out of sticks.
The bees, the God damn bees.
So have you been brought to us?
So will you be brought a room to the boot?
I was trying to think of a way to Canadian pronunciation to a pagan ritual.
You are a boot to go forth into the.
Sorry.
All right. Sorry.
They say sorry so much.
They say sorry.
I'm mispronouncing it, but you know, when you watch to grassy, they say sorry.
Every other word.
It's like a nation of Chippendales after you know, after you, after you cousin.
There's a sleeping giant though.
They're just getting ready to kick our ass.
That'd be fantastic.
Canada is like that.
That should be.
We should send Canada to the moon because they would be able to operate there.
They'd be like, we understand.
We're orbiting something disgusting.
Like we get it.
We have limited resources.
We can make it work.
Okay.
We wear a parka or now it's a space helmet.
I'm fine with that.
We're still a colony.
Fine.
We'll humor you there.
And then like 30 years later, they were like psych.
Moon bombs.
Canadian moon bombs.
Do you think they're just happy to be not part of England?
Is that why they're polite?
Aren't they still kind of though?
Yeah, you are.
That's where I get cocky.
When we have political arguments and like my Canadian friends go like, yeah, but you guys,
you got to get your shit together.
I'm like, fuck you fucking England fuckers.
But you fucking grow some fuckers.
I really thought you weren't part of the, did you guys get a chance to vote?
And you said, no, we're scared.
They just, you know, that car broke down and they're like, well, let's just live here.
Who cares?
I mean, at this point, you can't do it.
It's like legalizing heroin.
Like what are you going to do?
How are you going to, what are you going to be an independent Scotland and an independent Canada?
I mean, how's that even going to work?
Who fucking cares?
It's all bureaucracy.
I didn't realize it was going to get so heavy, man.
I was here to talk about the police academy.
You got to do that shit in the 1700s.
Do it in the 1700s.
You fucked up.
You got to cut some heads off.
Look at me.
Look what you could have been.
Look at the pride.
Look at the culture you could have had.
USA, USA, USA.
I mean, yeah, growing up in Wisconsin is essentially you are Canadian.
There's no difference.
But back when I was a kid, you could walk across the border, probably, I think.
I'm assuming.
Yeah, we could.
And where I grew up, not the same accent, but kind of the same.
You know, where they drop the T's.
They just drop the N.
Hey, Bob, you know, I saw you there on HBO.
Like they don't pronounce the whole.
Right.
You don't waste a lot of time opening your mouth a lot.
No.
Like in Wisconsin, you talk through your nose.
So in order to make sure that certain salons are different from others, you got to make sure that.
I could say that I was almost a Canadian because in my high school yearbook,
you can count how many kids died from snowmobile fatalities.
You know, they are, you know, a steamwise orc there.
You know, he didn't even see the Bob wire there.
You know.
In a land where snowmobile.
People don't even go, Hey, you know, we should make some paths or we should instill some laws.
Why don't you just put tires on the goddamn things?
We're going to lose a couple, you know, I'm getting out my notepad.
I'm going to look at my look at my ever note notepad to see if there's anything we need to talk about tonight.
There was a guy in the LA LAX Maple Leaf Lounge.
As you know, Canada is famous for its luxury.
They have a, they have a, they put a, they're very elitist country.
They think that people with more money should be treated much better than people with less money.
So as you can imagine their, their luxury lounge, that's the thing that pisses me off.
When I, I get, I get picked up by a car at the airport and the guy was like not, you know,
he was being too practical for me.
And I wanted to like, I could recognize that all of my American blood cells are screaming out like,
what are you fucking, don't you understand? I would give you more money.
What was he being practical about?
He was just like, he's like, he's driving a car that's supposed to pick me up from the airport and drop me off at the hotel.
But he's making it my problem.
Like, like he wasn't like thinking in advance like, hmm, who am I picking up?
Who, who will be paying me?
I should look into that so that I don't have to do that when I drop him off at the hotel.
So that he's not sitting there like a jackass, like, like, like having an experience that is essentially more difficult than taking a cab.
Well, I took a cab.
Yeah. I wanted to have taken a cab.
My story is about how I recognize it.
Like, like, oh, this is the American in me because there's nothing, there's nothing bad that's happening here.
There's a guy that's denying me my right to elitism.
That's what the big thing is.
Did you want him to have a sign and he didn't?
I didn't mind the lack of a sign.
But here's the thing, and these are, these are problems that I know you everyday folks can relate to.
When you go to a new city, you're supposed to call the driver.
Well, and now this guy has got my phone number.
Well, I don't even say, here's the thing.
Some guy making minimum wage has now got my phone number.
I don't think you heard what I said.
No, no, no. It's not that.
It's just that, you know, there was a time you didn't have to give your phone number to the pizza guy, your cell phone.
Well, as you just start now, in Seattle, I had to call, I was like, where's the driver?
And then the, they go, oh, you're supposed to call the guy.
I'm like, well, that's not, so nobody told me that.
I had to call the guy.
Yeah.
I'd call a cab.
I thought the whole, there was supposed to be a tier here, a tier.
Yeah, that would make it easier.
So then they tell you like, oh yeah, it's one of those airports.
You can't, the drivers can't come near the, this is not a conversation to have in front of these people.
Yeah, they're like, boy, it must be rough.
I hate it when my limo driver needs my phone number.
But just fantasizing your head if you could as a person.
It's like, like when you get off that plane that first time you see that guy and it says Harmon on the sign and you're like, I fucking did it.
Mr. Drummond adopted me.
I'm moving on up.
Yeah.
Well, now I'm assuming you travel on the first class.
I can't, yes.
Okay.
I can't do anything but.
But here's the thing.
I started traveling first class when I was a young man.
Trust me, I don't have any money now.
But when, and I still do because I have five million miles on American airports.
Literally you said you have five million miles.
I have a card that says that.
I've seen a million faces and I've rocked them all.
And the thing that's weird is as a younger man, when I got in the line to get on the plane in first class, I was always stopped.
They would say, this is first class.
And I'd be like, I'm first class this bitch.
No, when I go, I'm first class and I'd mumble and be embarrassed.
But I don't know what happened recently where I look like I'm first class is just because I'm old now.
Oldness is like, you can be a grody schlub and if you're old enough, they're like, maybe he invented mustard.
Yeah.
Maybe it's Stan Lee.
I don't know.
Let him on.
He smells like a fish.
Maybe he caught the first fish.
I was on a flight recently and all these age appropriate women were giving me the big eye.
What's the big eye?
They were flirting.
They were excited.
Okay, little rascal.
I'm fifth.
I'll tell you.
You got the big eye.
They were giving me the big eye and I did not like the cut of their jib.
And I'm like, when did this happen?
Because as a young man, I didn't have any women like flirting with me, but now I'm 52.
So like 50 and 60 old women and I'm like, you know, I'm like, I could pull so much steel wool if I wanted to.
And it's clear.
I'm like, what is it?
It's like, look at him.
Look at him with those healthy hips, you know.
Look at it.
I don't even think he...
Dude, can I talk to you about...
Put a pit in that for a second.
Because there was a guy in the Maple Leaf lounge.
It's a luxury.
It combines Canada's fine tradition of providing elitist luxury with America's fine tradition of 56K Wi-Fi speeds.
So I'm sitting there.
I'm dying.
And there's a guy sitting across from me.
He's got a Bluetooth headset.
And he kept...
I mean, the guy was like doing a character.
I thought he was like gorilla marketing or...
He kept making these phone calls and he was speaking so loud.
And I'm not one of these people that's like, you know, social...
I don't know.
I don't care.
Like, whatever.
We live in a new world.
Like, I know there's people who take a lot of pleasure if they're in a restaurant.
And they go like, hey, excuse me, could you take your phone call outside?
And they get all excited about it.
And like, I get it.
Like, what are we going to fix the world that's populated by fucking idiots?
So this guy was like...
But I was like, holy shit, this guy is so loud and so crisp.
Like, it sounds like David Mamet wrote him.
Yeah.
And he was just calling.
I knew his name.
I knew his social security number.
Everything because he was like ordering a watch.
He was calling a guy because he had ordered...
He was interested in buying a watch.
And he wanted to call and confirm his appointment to come by and look at watches.
What the fuck?
I hope he called his limo driver.
So he kept saying stuff.
And he kept talking about like the jelly bean face or the Pomona face.
It was like, no, I don't need the jelly bean face.
I want the diamonds and the numbers, but not the face.
But if he could have a couple of options for me...
Is he trying to impress?
Does he come into the Maple Leaf Lounge?
And he tries to hook up with Canadian divorcees or something?
Is he running some kind of dirty round scoundrels scam?
And then he got off the phone for a while and I'm like,
thank God, I'm just focused on my Minecraft.
And then five minutes later he called and I wrote it down.
I wrote down what he said.
He said, hi, I have a reservation for a pickup.
He had a slight accent of indeterminate origin.
I'm trying to do my best impression of.
I have a reservation for a pickup.
Yes. Tango Papa Niner.
Tango Papa Niner?
I wrote it down. Tango Papa Niner.
But he had to keep repeating it because I'm sure the person on the other end was like, what?
Tango? Oh, tea? Motherfucker, it's not...
We're done.
He skipped right over Tom.
Tango. Yeah, I get it.
The military came up with ways to make sure you only had to give bombing coordinates once
because they were speaking over copper wire in 1941.
You don't have to say Tango to a fucking Verizon guy.
Tango.
Alright, Tango begins with a T.
Got it. So T then you fucking...
That would have really frosted my cake.
Papa?
Papa.
I never heard Papa. What's Papa?
He clearly watched a lot of Hogan's Heroes.
Tango Papa Niner.
Papa Bear to Mama Bear.
So he wants a Rolex and a pickup. That guy's out there somewhere.
But I just listen to those guys.
I just now, I mean, I don't listen like I'm pretending.
I just turn and go and I chime in.
I do. It's the quickest way to end it.
I go, yeah, yeah, get the watch.
You know what I mean? I do.
I had a guy in a bathroom stall.
And...
Yeah.
The story we can all relate.
I was just banging dudes in the bathroom stall.
No.
And he gets on the phone in the stall next to me.
He goes, hey, what are you doing?
Wait, I'm sorry.
He's in the stall next to mine.
And I forget that people are on the phones nonstop.
And I say, he goes, hey, what are you doing?
And I'm like, just crapping, man.
You know what I mean?
And then he continues to talk to the other person.
I was like, oh my God.
Just crapping, man.
I was on, and then I was, when I was on the plane,
there was a young lady walking down the aisle
and she was on the phone.
And I'm not banging on this young lady.
I don't think that she's a villain for doing this.
I just think this is kind of fascinating that she's on the phone
and she's getting on the plane and she's walking down the aisle
and she goes, yeah, uh-huh, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah.
Okay, well, I'm getting on the plane right now.
Okay, yeah, I've become one of those people.
Yeah, no, I'm literally one of those people.
She had the most meta-obnoxious phone call.
She spent more time addressing it.
She's like, yeah, I'm literally one of those people.
I know, no, I'm on the plane and I'm talking on the phone.
People are looking at me like, what?
And I'm like, no, I'm not allowed to do that.
You've taken that away from me.
This is worse.
Cut your knees right off.
It's like if ants, if somebody put you down,
crotch down naked on fire ant hills
in the middle of the desert,
and then the ants were like, oh, one of those, huh?
Oh, I know what you're thinking.
We're gonna, yeah, well, here we are, we're ants.
I guess we're gonna eat your crotch now.
I can't believe we're doing this.
I guess this guy's like, whoa, fire ants on my crotch.
They think to take away my agency?
I was walking down a plane,
and I made a movie called God Bless America,
and this, I didn't say that for that, but thank you.
That's very sweet.
And this kid was watching it on his computer,
and I'm like, I'm gonna blow his mind.
And I tap him on the show, they go, hi, I'm BobCat,
Bob Goldway, I made that movie,
and he goes, I paid for it.
That's a 100% true story.
Like this kid thinks, I'm going, oh, piracy!
He's all of his, now I understand,
celebrities based on radio shack commercials.
He's just like, I gotta go,
there's a kid getting on a flight in Burbank,
and he just downloaded God Bless America,
that dirty little prick.
That's so funny.
And clearly he didn't, you know what I mean,
about how fast it came out.
I paid for it.
Yeah, he definitely did not pay for it.
No, he didn't.
Why would you say that if you did?
If you have a receipt, you'd be a dick about it.
He'd be like, what's up?
Ask me.
It's a legal download.
I woke up, it was on my phone with the YouTube album.
I love that the corporate, the industry,
got their messaging out that much more thoroughly
than a filmmaker did.
YouTube, you probably don't care that much
if someone steals your work.
No, not at all.
I shouldn't say that for the distributors.
You can't say that, they won't distribute your work.
But the kid had been, the suits had gotten to him.
He had watched the Emmys, a guy came out and said,
hello, are you enjoying the Emmys?
You know what's not enjoyable?
Emmy theft.
Hi, like these Grammys?
Beyonce's gonna starve to death.
Stop stealing music.
Oh, hello, happy Oscars, everybody.
Pirates are afoot.
There's so much fucking awareness of Jesus Christ.
What the fuck, you guys made your empire out of the fact
that it's easy for me to watch your dumb, free shit.
Now that it's fucking freer and dumber,
I'm like an Elma thief.
It's also, first of all, thank you for calling my stuff
free and dumb.
No, but as free and dumb as Captain Phillips,
maybe you've seen it, it's an important film.
Also free.
Also, what am I gonna do?
You know what I mean?
It's not like they're watching a Clint Eastwood film
and they got busted.
Well, he's kind of old.
He wouldn't really do much either.
But what?
Clint Eastwood's very old.
He's quite old and he would have no problem
with us saying that.
And even if he did, what in the hell?
What a weird stance to take.
These guys love Clint Eastwood.
Yeah.
I guess they're thinking about, well, they're Canadian.
They're thinking about other people.
Yeah. Well, you know, don't wake the sleeping giant.
That's all I'm saying.
That'll be the Sarah Hava of World War III.
Remarks about Clint Eastwood, where they've chipped off a new...
Canada has been developing a nuclear super weapon.
They never told anyone about...
The Canadian wall preventing Americans.
I mean, United States citizens.
All right, so I just wanted to check in with you about...
And I haven't talked to you about this backstage
because I don't know.
I didn't want to...
Do you want to talk about your love life at all?
Oh.
Is that off limits?
No, I have a girlfriend, yes.
Well, because also, you also...
weren't you married?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I was married.
It's good it's in that order.
Right.
I haven't talked to you about that at all.
You were married the last time I saw you.
Yeah.
Now you have a girlfriend.
Now I have a girlfriend.
And it's not your ex-wife.
No.
Right.
But, yeah, well, my wife and I split up about a year ago
at this time, yeah.
Yeah, you and I don't...
What's that? Oh, they got...
Yeah, that's a good bit, I guess, to young people.
I know at Harmon Yacht people participate in the show,
but not in the sense of when they try to write comedy.
Hey, you can connect that to the giraffe thing.
It'd be a good callback.
I think...
Ah, I'm just over here.
My name's Steven Levy.
Steven Levy is the name of my assistant.
I just named a real guy.
I think...
My name's Steven Levy.
I live in Coimbra.
Well, Steven Weizlerich actually lived across the street from me
earlier that I killed in a snowmobile accident,
but still alive.
So, no, he was actually...
He wasn't going for a comedy laugh.
He actually could feel my awkwardness
and tried to cut the tension.
Wait, you know, he was going for comedy
when he connected your relationship to the guy at the stall.
Bathroom, yeah.
Don't exonerate him.
I just didn't think we judged here at Harmontown.
No, we don't.
You're right.
Oh, cram it, all of you, you know?
Okay, no, all right.
There's a third act of reservoir dogs in here.
Who's judging who?
All right, let's all reset.
I have a problem.
Well, never mind.
What?
If you have a problem, you should be safe to say it here.
Yeah, I would say I have a problem.
You know, in your movie and in your life,
it's this nerd love, you know?
And, wow, pen could drop right now.
But I have a problem with a lot of nerd culture
and I find them just as intolerant as other cultures.
And, you know...
Whoever yelled out, shut up.
See, that's a good bit.
Shut up!
Go blow a guy in the bathroom!
Well, my observation about nerd culture has always been that...
Or maybe I shouldn't say it about nerd culture.
I think about the individual nerd is that being a nerd,
I think, you know, there's a cycle of abuse.
So you go, like, oh, I'm proud to be a nerd.
I love being a nerd.
Like, there's a fraternity with other people
who you think are abused along with you.
But there's also, like, this weird, like, reflexive...
Like, if you really gave the average nerd an Iron Man suit,
like, I don't know if he'd use it to, like,
totally protect everybody.
I think he'd do some fucked up shit.
He'd be selective.
Well, I also think it's like...
Yeah, I mean, it's just like what happens in...
Pardon my oldie time speak,
but, you know, I just witness a lot of nerds acting just like jocks.
You know what I mean? Like, they're intolerant and stuff.
But the other thing is, it's like a problem I always had
with the Revenge of the Nerds movies.
The nerds, at the end, are jocks.
They don't...
They have the cheerleaders as girlfriends.
Yeah, they start banning...
They had semi-consensual sex with them.
Yeah.
And it's clearly designed by studio executives
who just assume every nerd would love to be them
instead of like, why can't you just be yourself?
Sure. And of course, people who cast Anthony...
What's his name?
Edwards.
Anthony Edwards and a keratin as nerds, you know,
who put prosthetic teeth in their mouths and like...
They're like, handsome guys.
Well, they're in Hollywood.
They couldn't find a guy with bad teeth.
But the...
Yeah, no, I totally...
I just have a problem with people not being tolerant of others.
So, you know, sometimes, like, you know,
I just find this kind of nasty nerd culture, you know?
I'll go you one better.
What?
And confuse things all the more.
I'm back-lashing on the recent nerd,
genuine nerd backlash culture.
I don't like this whole...
I'm a real nerd.
Everyone's calling themselves a nerd now,
so...
And I'm a real nerd because I have eczema.
I'm a...
I think that's horse shit.
I think...
I'd like to show you my eczema.
Maybe that's what the old ladies saw on the plane.
I have a flaky...
Do you think that...
Is this eczema?
Will you look?
Let me see.
A burn-busting show in Toronto this week, guys.
Show me your eczema.
I don't know what it is.
I think it might just be not showering for a month.
It could be.
I'm just sort of peeling apart.
No, it's probably eczema.
But yeah, I don't know.
I feel like, oh, this is separatism, or...
Well, you're talking about my ex-wife, she would say,
I'm not a nerd because I go to Comic-Con.
I'm a nerd because I complain about Comic-Con.
I mean, I think if you are...
If you are worried that what's in your brain,
it shouldn't come out of your mouth,
wouldn't get you elected president, you're a nerd.
And I think if that...
If we end up finding out that 249 million of us are nerds,
then we get to walk up to the White House and go,
you're out!
Like, I think that...
I feel like sort of like...
I don't know.
I feel like there's a nerd revolution where everyone's like,
I'm a nerd too.
That's the nice thing about the third act of preventing the nerds,
is that they go, you know what?
Come on down here if you think you're a nerd,
and being a nerd becomes popular.
Yes, there's irony to that.
And then you thought you based your career on that?
Yeah.
I'm going to be the...
I'm going to get so late.
I'm going to be the holding coffee of nerds.
I don't know.
There's a new thing now where it's like,
there's people who go like, I'm a real nerd.
I don't just look cute in glasses.
Like that hipster word.
The word hipster now.
It's like we're just working towards a world where hipsters come forward
and go, yes, I am a hipster.
But...
I'm tired of being picked on by nerds.
But when I hear the...
I like cool music, alright?
It's fine.
When I hear people making fun of using hipster as a derogatory term,
you know, I'm like...
I don't find that threatening, you know?
I mean, like, a hipster to me.
So, you know, it's not like...
Like you said, I could probably talk to this guy about music, you know?
I'm not going to fit in their skinny pants or anything, but, you know...
But anytime anybody says anything, it's like,
nerd used to really mean it was like, fuck that guy, he's a nerd.
No, fuck that guy.
He can't come to our party.
He's a nerd.
Right.
And there's a ton of people in this room that truly do not remember
that that actually was the case.
Because I was honestly, like, very...
I was totally very young when that changed,
because of movies like Revenge of the Nerds.
It was like, oh, there's this word, nerd.
Like, okay, now it's funny and interesting.
It's like, you can watch movies that pre-date Revenge of the Nerds.
The N-word?
There's the N-word, yeah.
The...
There's movies...
I can say nerd, I am one.
If you watch...
Find a movie called Joysticks,
which is like this video game exploitation movie.
It pre-dates Revenge of the Nerds,
and it sort of typifies, like,
there's other movies, like,
where they're in the 80s,
but it's before Revenge of the Nerds,
and it's like, there is a character with glasses
and a pocket protector in the movie,
and they do pick on him,
but the big difference is the guys picking on him are the heroes.
Like, and they do just, like, pick on him,
and they go like, oh, here comes Stanley.
Hey, Stanley!
And he's like, hey, guys, I just thought the calculations suggest
a different course of action.
And they go, yeah, Stanley,
why don't you go in the other room?
There's a real hot girl in there.
She wants it, Stanley.
She really wants it.
Oh, come on, guys.
Nobody wants it from Stanley.
No, she wants it, Stan.
Get in there.
But you gotta wear this blindfold, see?
Or you won't get all of it.
You want to get it all, Stanley.
And that's the third act of the movie.
It's the resolution.
Like, they overcome Stanley.
Like, teach him what a virgin he needs to be
by making him fuck a walrus.
And they, like, high-five each other in their credits roll.
It's like, it's in the way that you fuck with Stanley!
Fuck that guy!
That's not the plot of Tusk, is it?
The revenge of the nerds came out and I was like,
okay, now this word nerd, it's sort of,
that was the culture that I was sort of born into.
The bottom line is then those word hipster
have seen the same thing.
It's like, you go, stand up comics,
they go, like, oh, these fucking hipsters.
Like, they don't, like, what the fuck does it even mean?
What does it mean?
They mean 25-year-old, kind of.
They just, they often mean,
I have heard my audience referred to as hipsters
and nerds in the same, like, room.
Like, in two different conversations,
I had a bunch of fucking hipsters showed up.
Like, that guy with the leg brace?
Wow.
Yeah, I guess that's hip now, since it's hip to be a nerd.
So I guess he's a fucking hipster.
Let's beat him up!
I used to truly believe that there was,
I really recently just changed.
I used to think that there really wasn't good
and bad in people, that I really felt that there was,
we're all flawed, and sometimes we hurt other people,
and sometimes we act selfishly,
and then other times we rise above it and we don't.
But I truly now believe that that's not true.
I really believe there's just good and bad people.
Shitty people.
And who lack the ability to empathize, you know?
So that's who I really don't have any patience for.
I would say, in some conversation today,
I was saying, talking about...
By the way, I'm not on grass.
You keep doing comics to this, like,
oh, the idea that you're doing little rascals, right?
What, the way I speak?
Yeah, yeah, that's the joke.
You're, like, eating callbacks deep into that,
but I think you're...
I'm the only one that's, like, noticing those callbacks, like,
and it makes me feel like I hurt your feelings when I say that.
That's the sasperilla's got me nuts.
I just thought, you said that there were women
making big eyes at you, that's it.
I don't want to, I feel like, because you...
Those were some attractive dames.
I behaved correctly,
but I didn't want it up in the who-scout.
The crowbar motel.
Yeah, I'm a Damon Runyon character.
Were they the bees? The bees' knees?
Wait, what's your...
She's having a conversation.
Were you...
Was it...
Oh, jeez and crackers, spit it out.
Talking about, like, oh, there's two teams,
but then it was, like, you know, it's, like,
ah, damn it, I fucking...
I swear to God, I was really eloquent about this today.
All right.
Oh, it was probably with one of those two
interviewers that I talked to.
I talked to a guy from Dork Shelf
and the other guy.
What was the other publication?
Publication.
What was the other fiber optic hologram?
Toronto.org.
Something.
I don't know.
I said some fucking profound shit.
You can read about it in either Dork Shelf
or EW.CWT.CA.org.
Very disappointed in your internet, by the way.
None of it on your plane.
And a shitty version in the hi-hat.
Couldn't play...
Yeah, you're welcome. Thank you.
As long as I get an apology.
I've been hearing a lot of shit about American Wi-Fi.
I haven't seen...
I didn't, like, come here and go,
fucking Logan's run idyllic paradise.
Like, I checked into the hi-hat
and they said,
oh, it's complimentary Wi-Fi.
And I wanted to ask...
It's complimentary.
Does that mean it's slow?
And I was like, don't be so American.
Like, they have socialized medicine here.
If you cut your arm off, you're just as entitled
to another arm.
As Bruce Jenner.
But they did that.
Yeah.
That's the first, like,
richest guy I could think of.
Bruce Jenner.
Who needs an arm really bad.
He's not even a gentleman anymore.
Yeah.
No, I'm not being...
What?
Trying to be inclusive.
I'm very popular
with the transgender community.
I am.
I did a very pro transgender
video that...
I was happy.
Explain that.
Well, Bruce Jenner is becoming
a woman.
What?
I read it on the teletype.
Wait, I don't know...
Your mind is blown.
It's blown.
Yeah.
From the Wheaties box is now
becoming a woman.
And it's so sad, like, at this point in his life,
you know, to waste your whole life
not being yourself.
Yes.
The road comic version of that was going to be...
What's the difference?
Because it was like, you know,
sex equating to sexuality, you know.
When you get to a certain...
I'm lost. What would Jeff do right now?
No, nothing. I was just...
I was just confessing my own.
When you went down that road, I was like,
oh, shit, brace yourself for...
Because you said, oh, it's such a tragic thing
because...
What was your zinger?
No, it's just like when you're that old,
who cares if you're a man or a woman,
you're fucking old.
It doesn't help to explain it.
I'm so sorry.
I guess you get that old
fuck yourself. Maybe that's why he went for it.
I don't know. I mean, there's an asexuality to age
that I'm very thankful for.
I'm 41 and I've finally been released
of a certain nine times a day...
Really?
That's what I put a pin in earlier
because we were talking about sex and I...
Well, I had...
This is a joke from my nightclub act,
but it is a true story.
So I think that if I say that, it's true.
But it's about what you're talking about.
And I was in Miami and this young woman said...
She said, if you came home with me,
she was flirting.
So if you came home with me, I'd fuck you all night.
I'm actually getting quiet telling my story.
That's funny. Also, that's not flirting.
That gives you an idea how shitty my self-esteem is.
What is she trying to say? What is the subtext here?
And the idea was like...
I was supposed to be like, yeah, but I'm 52.
I'll fuck you all night.
It's like...
That sounds horrible, young lady.
I'm about like...
Three minutes and then we'll watch Children of Men.
You fuck once.
Maybe I heard that on demand.
Fuck me once, cuddle,
and then make me a low-sodium breakfast.
Then it would be on.
Morningstar sausages and omelets
made of egg beaters.
So...
It went off like a light for me.
Really?
Did you feel a dip?
I watched the...
I don't really watch them, but...
Do you have a sex drive anymore?
Just not as much as I did.
I'm so grateful for it.
I'm so grateful.
My next step is I need to channel the
much more natural amount of sex drive I have.
I need to...
My mic just drooped.
Did you see it?
It really did.
I guess it's contagious, Dan.
I mean, I was a slave to this shit.
It was ridiculous.
It got in the way of a lot of work.
It was hard on just driving and traffic.
I'm glad that's gone.
I'm so glad that's gone.
I'll actually see...
I'll be on the sidewalk,
and I'll look at something
and recognize it as something
that used to make me have to go back to the
hotel and deal with it.
Wow, so...
And I'll go like, I don't smoke anymore.
Like...
I'm free.
So I see those Viagra commercials,
and I want to go back there.
What are you...
Why don't you just play Minecraft?
What are you producing when that's happening?
Why are you so excited about
wanting to come so bad?
Me?
No, no, no, not you.
I just...
I look at those ads with the guy that goes like,
Hey, so...
My dick's not so hard anymore all the time.
How about you?
Don't answer. I've only got 30 seconds
to tell you about a new pill.
It's gonna make your dick constantly hard.
Just like when you were 22.
Oh, yeah, feel your dick get hard.
With dick hardier.
Mmm, ask your pharmacist
about dick hardier.
Yeah, it's gonna make your dick nice and hard.
You're not gonna be able to control your fucking dick again.
It's gonna be like in the old days
when you had no fucking control
of your life. When you got nothing done,
you just wanted to rub up against every fucking door jam.
When all women were objects,
no matter how smart they were.
They were reduced
to an outfit
and a smell.
Like, fucking...
Bring yourself back to that.
Don't take the fucking
kind embrace of time
and its invitation across a threshold
into possibly being a human being.
Reduce yourself once again.
Take Van Wilder
pills.
Be a douchebag.
Like, walk around
with a fucking diamond in your pants.
You're 70.
Satiable, unslakeable diamonds.
You're 70. It's time to crap out that third family.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Fuck up your second marriage
with new dick pill.
Why not?
Don't worry about the cost of education.
You'll be dead.
We could have put this money into
making people
read more.
But your dick will be hard.
You'd die with a hard dick, you old ugly fuck.
Now you can use your money
and your estate to
leverage Starbucks baristas.
But what would you do
if your drive dipped even more?
Would you be... Well, what do you mean even more?
I'd get more done.
There's no limit to it.
I managed to be able to get things done
and rub one out.
I still rub one out.
My new goal is
turning the rubbing out into...
I'd like to throw one to Aaron.
But...
That's my new... That is my honest...
Me too.
Okay, I now...
Thing!
It's nothing to do!
Instead of, like,
six times a day
having a part of my life that's, like,
not shared with other people...
Why don't you have a page count?
You say after five pages
you get to jerk off.
What do you mean?
When you're writing, isn't that what you're trying to get done?
Well, yeah, no.
Yes, yes.
No, that's not a problem anymore.
I can write for hours now.
Now the problem is that writing is boring.
It seems to lack a certain...
What do you think is missing from it?
I don't know.
It's as if the characters want something
that they'll never have again.
Or...
There's no point to writing anything at all.
We've got to climb
this pointy monument.
It's like there's a bunch of people
standing around with no purpose
in their lives.
Their god has no more reason
to animate them because...
It's like King of the Hill.
Just everyone standing there talking about
something.
Do you...
I'm happy that
my sex drive has diminished some,
but I don't want it to diminish more.
No, I would not want mine to
diminishing more.
I knew we were going to talk about this.
It's like the oil
in the menorah lamp.
Now it's like...
Yes, now it's magic stuff.
It's a miracle.
My boner's in the window.
Now...
Now in those rare moments...
Yeah, now if I
pleasure myself, I'm actually...
There's a lot of sadness to it.
Like extra sadness.
Like is it guilt or because you're going to go to sleep
and not get anything done?
Well, no, because I'm like, oh, dammit.
One of these every three days now.
I could have given this to Erin.
That's the new sadness.
I am so glad you guys are in therapy.
That sounds really sad.
Well, that's all on me.
You go, oh, I wasted a boner.
I could have had sex with my fiance.
Yeah.
Well, because now I know,
because I'm a workaholic and a...
I used to be like...
I have a question about your workaholicism
and...
No, because...
No, I don't get a lot done.
Don't ask me that. Don't make me kill myself.
No, no, I was really trying to figure out
the difference between you and I.
Because we're both driven.
I mean, I don't think that's a bad thing.
We both, you know, after World's Greatest Dad
I wrote 11 screenplays, you know?
So I do work, you know,
but...
I, you know,
your form of
mental illness
is so much more lucrative than mine.
I was really brazing myself for it.
No, no, because I think it's amazing.
I don't understand how you can even,
you know, people, you know, the movie,
and you view yourself destructive and stuff,
but you still
can get hired by these people.
I mean, I don't try to because I know...
That's on them. That's their fault.
I do everything I can to be un-hireable.
I got notes once on one of my movies
and we had a German Shepherd in the
editing bay and I took the notes,
put peanut butter on it, gave it to the dog,
took a picture of it and sent it to the guy who gave me the notes.
That's the only notes I ever got
on any of my movies.
But then again, most people don't even know I make movies, you know.
Well, here's the crazy thing.
This is the thing that I don't understand.
This is the thing that makes me iconoclastic,
is that you can do that, you can react that way,
or you can do what I do,
which believe it or not,
and no one fucking believes it,
and it's in the goddamn movie,
is I sit there and I go,
okay, all right, got it, got it, got it.
I write it all down, I address every fucking note,
I give it back to him, it doesn't matter.
German shepherd photo,
diligence.
If you're going to end up with a reputation
that's being difficult to work with,
I don't know, it's based on something else.
Your cheekbones, your body weight,
your fucking tone of your voice,
your blog where you say you're difficult to work with,
I don't know.
But don't you, when you get notes,
aren't you frustrated by that process?
I'm not, because I don't think that TV is
art.
I think that TV is commerce.
I'm really passionate about it.
I'm very passionate.
I want to make the best TV show I possibly can,
but I also like...
But when these knuckleheads give you notes
that are making it...
I look at that as like the way that you would look
at a paintbrush if it was like,
if the paintbrush in your hand
argued with you.
If you want to be something other than
a painter, in this metaphor,
painting is just TV,
so there's no way to paint without...
part of the medium.
Working through knuckleheads,
like if you're a photographer,
you need a camera. You can't just
show up at a gallery and say,
I saw this homeless lady,
and I pictured it in black and white.
Well, that is what's going on tonight,
all around, tomorrow.
It probably is. There's probably something happening.
And I support it.
I absolutely support it.
Just 7 a.m. Oh, tell me about it.
She was missing a shoe again.
Photography, you involve a device,
and you involve light,
and used to be film development,
and now it's just whatever, ones and zeros.
But in any case, there's always
a limitation that defines the
medium. In television, it's commerce.
Right. It's the limitation that defines the medium.
You are selling Snickers bars.
That is the beauty of it.
I grew up on it. Some of us actually
have been on Snickers commercials.
The people
don't say the F word. They don't
rip their tops open and say,
look at my giant tits.
We'll be right back.
That would be cheating.
Personally, I think a lot of techniques...
That's not in any of my movies.
I wasn't talking about you.
But I don't know if it's my own fear
of being judged on a bigger level,
or it's not that.
It's just I don't have that much interest
to play the game.
But you don't have to anymore.
The thing about you is that you are
a tiny bit older than me.
Tiny bit to the point where you are
one of the huge reasons
why I moved from Milwaukee to L.A.
because I saw you at the comedy cafe
and you were post
police academy screeching guy
and you came up and did a set
where you were more than willing to do
funny jokes that were in your stand-up set
and then sometimes people would yell stuff out
and go like, do the voice!
And you'd be like, hey, what's your name?
And you were engaging with them
and you were just saying insightful things.
You bridged the gap between
being a professional entertainer
and actually being a present human being on stage.
And Rob Schrab and I were standing in the back of the room
with zits on our faces
and lollipops in our hands.
And we were like, holy shit!
The fucking guy from police academy
is the bomb!
And we talked to you afterwards.
We used to say things were the bomb back then.
I also had a yin yang
on my acid wash denim jacket
and a rat tail
because I pattered myself after
e-gun from the real Ghostbusters cartoon.
And we came up to you afterwards
and we were like, holy shit, that was really inspirational.
And you said, yeah, what are you guys going to do?
And we were like, we're going to move to LA.
And you said, don't move to LA.
Don't, don't, don't do it, don't do it.
And then we were like, well, that's what he's supposed to say.
Well, let's be like him.
Let's do what he doesn't think we should do.
We moved to LA.
And you, like, time has changed.
Everything has changed.
You need to have a fucking podcast
because you make a fucking oof of movies.
And the one thing that they all have in common
is your point of view.
You should be a cult of personality.
You should be having movies made about you.
You should be...
I'm committing crimes
that you could be getting away with very easily.
That's really sweet.
I didn't let any of it in.
Um...
I'm also a little nervous
about giving away so much of myself.
Don't you, don't you feel that that's, that's weird?
Like, don't you ever feel like
what you make is what you, you know...
I think if you, you do watch the movies
that make you get a better idea how I see the world
than, than if you hung out with me maybe.
I don't know, I'm very nervous about giving away
my, my personal life.
Well, that's a huge, I think that is a huge, like, key.
I, I am not, like, I think that's what defines me.
It's like, I'm totally, like,
once you get to the bottom of the barrel,
the way you scrape is like, there's nothing there.
It's like, oh, this barrel
thanks you for being a part of scraping it.
Like, I, I'm not,
I, I think you are a more genuine person than me.
I think you actually do have
opinions that you wouldn't back off
of if a mob of people screamed enough at you.
Like, I think you do,
I look up to you for that reason.
I think you have a voice and a, and a point of view.
I think that you're,
but that's the stuff that you,
you don't give it away by sharing it.
You don't give it away on top of it,
and the wind wafts in,
and nowadays people come in,
and if they want it, they get it.
You can charge them a dollar for it,
and if they don't like it,
you can tell them to go fuck themselves.
It's amazing.
It's like, it's not like when we were younger.
It's a whole crazy world.
It's like, you could, you could,
it's like no money down.
You could create a whole cult of personality.
People could be crucifying you in five years.
And I think, I think,
I don't know.
My ex-wife said,
and by the way,
I do love her dearly.
It's not like we had a big horrible fallout.
She once said to me,
she goes, you're a misanthrope.
And I said, you're only saying that because you're a person.
But
I don't see myself as a misanthrope.
I just feel really awkward.
And you know, I really related
with Spencer when,
you know, he was awkward by the whole thing.
Good segue.
Let's bring up Spencer Crittenden!
Now, I've had some loud applause before.
But Jesus Christ.
That wasn't an invitation for more.
Thank you.
Jesus Christ.
That was all pent up from the movie, I assume.
What's up, you guys?
Can I get something off my chest?
I'm a nerd.
And I'm fucking sick of all these jocks acting like nerds.
No, but okay.
I don't actually take a lot of shit from being a nerd.
So I've said that before,
but I didn't mean it.
But here's the thing about social groups.
From nerds to jocks to everything.
It's all about excluding other people.
Like, if you're a group,
you're only a group because you're not that group.
You're this group.
So you have to single people out and ridicule them.
Otherwise, you're just a huge, you know, non-group.
And so in high school,
when I was a genuine bona fide nerd
and punished for it,
and choosing it,
I would report dutifully to a living room
full of other nerds and play Dungeons and Dragons,
and we would talk shit about fucking jocks
because they weren't allowed.
And if one of them had showed up,
we would have treated them like shit.
I don't think it's a good part of nerd culture,
but I think that's more humanity than anything else.
It's just we got to get cred.
We got to kick other people out so we can be in.
When I was in high school,
I was actually friends with all the other groups.
Me, too.
But I didn't consider them...
Look, I hated myself way more than anybody else was going on.
So I didn't care what they thought of me.
Yeah, I kind of was more like that, too.
And because of that, everyone liked me.
And I was like, well, this works.
But then...
I only cared.
I was the biggest Jim Carrey fucking whore.
I only cared if people liked me.
And I would do anything for a fucking social dollar.
And they didn't like you, right?
No, they did.
It worked.
It's a thing.
There's no wrong answers necessarily.
There's wrong answers.
I was a nerd for how much I wanted people to like me.
And I was like...
just clawing my way up.
Well, I was doing stand-up when I was like 16.
So it was weird.
I didn't care about all the stuff everybody else cared about.
They were worried about prom.
And I was trying to get a tight 20 together.
Seriously, I was just a weirdo that way.
But I also feel really embarrassed to admit this publicly.
This may be an exclusive.
I was homecoming king.
I was senior class vice president.
I thought it was a joke.
No, it probably was half.
It was like...
A lot of the nerds I talked to that were performance oriented,
by their senior year,
they had worked their way up to like,
I am the clown prince of nerdness.
And it was like, you've blurred the line between nerds.
I was like, people really...
We used the word popularity when I was a kid.
I don't even know if that means anything anymore now
that everyone's connected to their phones and shit.
But yeah, it still means stuff.
Popularity was like a thing.
It still is.
Knowing who you were.
When Tom Kenny and I...
Tom Kenny, you guys know him as SpongeBob and all those other stuff.
And Ice King.
He's the Ice King on Adventure Time.
That's the crowd, yeah.
Yeah, that's the only time I ever asked him if I could be
on one of the shows he works on, actually,
because I love that show so much.
And I've known him since I was six years old.
We've been friends our whole lives.
And in second grade, they were picking up teams...
They were picking teams for dodgeball.
And there was three people left.
It was he, I, and this girl who had two hooks for arms.
That's the true story.
And we were recently talking about it.
And he said, that was the day I knew I'd never be good at sports.
And the way my ego worked, I actually thought,
oh, they didn't pick us because they knew we can handle it.
So I've always had this huge amount of self-esteem
and self-loathing all at the same time.
Being able to just say, yeah, in a moment,
like you can emergency bilge, like, yeah.
Yeah, I just thought, yeah.
By the way, she got picked before us.
That's the tag.
Hope she was great, too, yeah.
Well, she's a ringer in the dodgeball game.
She had two hooks.
Yeah, she just pops them and they stick to her.
Those are the days when I discovered them.
You didn't hit me.
I caught it.
It counts.
Yeah, it's fine.
You're out now.
Sorry, Dan.
What were you saying?
I actually, I mean, my way of coping with it
wasn't to, like, create the mythology of my head.
I would just, I just found out,
oh, there's a wire that all this pain comes through.
I thought you had to get up and kick my ass.
Here's some pain coming through.
You cut out my best parts in the movie.
The movie only had my best parts.
Like, there's literally not another scene of me
being funny in any of those 600 hours of footage.
It's amazing.
Cha-ching.
Yeah, no, you're telling me.
You heard that applause.
That's not...
Thank you.
That's very kind.
Anyways, I don't know why I have to follow this thought.
I followed the cord with the pain on it,
and I found that it plugs into part of your heart,
and you can pull it.
Pull it.
The pain cord.
Yeah.
And you don't feel anything anymore.
And you don't, you can actually be really mean to people.
Like, and you don't, like, there's no empathy anymore,
so you could, like, squeeze someone's head.
You're going into the Game of Thrones.
The Game of Thrones.
What am I, 70?
That was the end of it.
When the guy puts the thumbs to the eyeballs.
It's like, man, you know the only thing that keeps...
Isn't it funny to realize that?
The only thing...
Human beings have these eyeballs.
Like, if you're in a fight, like, you kind of...
Like, if you're, like, a feral human,
like, I guess you'd probably scratch for him.
Like, I'm going to scratch your eyes out.
But, like, truly, like, if you get in a fight,
like, the only thing that keeps you from actually
actively, like, just doing everything you can
to this, like, these little soft grapes
that represent 90% of the person's ability to function...
Cameras made of jelly.
That's what they are.
The only thing that keeps you from really getting in there
is actual, like, empathy.
Like, that's why when in a movie somebody goes like...
It, like, represents that person not giving a fuck.
And you go like, what the fuck is he...
What does he do? Oh, my God!
But you're like, well, if you wanted to win a fight,
I guess that's...
I guess that's how you do it.
That's what chimps do.
Yeah, they go for the fucking face
and the genitals and the hands.
A buddy of mine...
Everything that makes you a chimp.
A buddy of mine was in...
In Georgia.
And they had a thing when he was growing up at the fair,
and it was, uh...
It was, uh...
Monkey Boxing, or Chimp Boxing.
And, and so this guy's like,
I'm gonna go in there.
It was $5,000 the last two minutes in the cage.
I go in there, I get my mama,
get my mama a trailer.
Like, he had all the money.
Oh, come on!
Wait, how much?
How much?
He worked at Cartoon Network.
What was the price? Sorry.
$5,000 if you could last two minutes.
You could buy a truck.
Okay.
So he goes in...
I'm gonna get my mama a trailer?
It's not even a chimp.
It's an orangutan.
Oh, no!
Oh, no.
They're worse, I hear.
They got longer reaches.
Yeah.
Well, they also have, like...
The painting was very misleading.
Like, he had him, like, proper, like, you know...
He's gloved up.
Time's boxing.
Yeah.
He's got an Irish handlebar mustache.
I heard you wanted to have a little bit of a roundabout with me.
Queensberry rules, will it be, then?
One banana for the winner?
So, so...
And there's no ring.
There's a ring on the poster.
They get in there and it's just a cage.
And they've put a ring through the ropes, I mean, through the bars of the cage.
And he says the orangutan's got boxing gloves on.
He's just sitting there.
And he's like...
And the guy goes, you know, I'll just rope-a-dope him, you know.
He's got the arm length.
So if I just...
If I get in tight, you know, he's got his whole strategy.
I'll just get in tight.
Not rope-a-doping.
Yeah.
So he's gonna get in there tight.
I already doesn't know what rope-a-doping is.
I don't know.
So he's doomed.
So he gets in there.
And they go, ding!
He says, you didn't even see the chimp.
The orangutan just shot across the cage, wrapped his legs around the guy, bit him in the face,
and pissed all over him.
He's like...
Are you fucking kidding me?
You weren't there?
No, no, no, my friend George tells the story.
But I do believe it's a true story.
Well, when you box, don't you usually wear a mouth guard?
That's why you're calling bullshit on this story?
I don't buy that.
Yes, the orangutan cheated.
I think this orangutan was not playing by sanctions.
I'm playing rules.
They could definitely get those gloves on.
But I wouldn't trust anyone to go in your orangutan mouth.
Well...
Anyways, what I'm saying is, the reason we don't do that to each other when we get into fights...
Is because that's the...
We love each other.
At the end of the day?
At the end of the day, when we look at each other, we see each other.
And chimpanzees and orangutans, when they look at each other, they see a genetic rival.
And they're like, if I take that guy out, the thing that keeps them in line is fear.
They exist in these communities, and we're no strangers to this.
We are 99% their cousins.
But the thing that makes us different, and the thing that ironically made us be the people with the nuclear weapons,
the tires, and the fire, and the lasers, and the GPS, is compassion.
And I'm not saying that it makes us good people, but it's like an evolutionary step that we took.
That's my two cents as a non-anthropologist.
But you don't think that's all fear-based?
You think that's compassion-based?
I think it's like we became a kind of weird combination of primate and pack animal.
When I say chose, I mean in quotes, because evolution preferred an instinct for altruism.
What we call, like, cool. That was nice of him. He didn't have to do that.
We exude that. We notice when it's not happening.
We notice that it's not happening all the time.
But the fact is, we have it in spades over giraffes and chimpanzees.
We are ridiculous about it.
We will take bullets for each other without thinking about it.
We don't always do it. You can't predict it.
But we do have more of a propensity for sacrifice in the face of another human being suffering.
We will go, that's not fair.
Hey, whoa, whoa, what's going on over here? Stop picking on that guy. Even if it doesn't profit us,
even if it puts us at risk.
Before we even know what we're doing, we kind of go, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you doing?
That's my theory.
None of us is based on science. It's based on the three documentaries I've seen.
And what I choose to believe.
What you're describing is like our sharp teeth or our scorpion sting or our hard armor.
That's what we've evolved, is this really intense packed community.
We're jingoists.
Well, yeah, but it's kind of the group mentality thing I was talking about with nerds.
That's what we evolved and that's why we go to war.
It's because we can get together a band and go beat the shit out of a rhino.
That's what works.
When you watch the 300 and you see that idea of a small football team of guys going,
we are, we are, we are.
That's how we kind of feel in general.
We default to that weird, we don't just fucking run.
I see that kind of behavior more not about protecting the little guy,
but more about being afraid that someone's going to take their stuff away.
I think that's what I'm saying is that that's the weird twisted path that we've taken,
is that we protect ourselves through that instinct.
I don't think that God is moving through us and therefore we're like really cool to each other.
I think that our species is seven billion strong because we at some point
figured out the cheat code of like, how's my neighbor doing?
It was like not, and we are the descendants genetically of the primates
that acted more on that impulse than others.
It worked out for our species just because it caused like giant communities.
You're much more hopeful than I am.
Well, it's not getting us anywhere.
We're all going to die together, like a bunch of altruistic assholes.
But we're going to die after the dodo did.
Fuck the dodo, that's the key.
Fucking dodo can take a flying fuck at a rolling version of itself.
Maybe the dodo is the asshole.
I'll tell you the biggest asshole in the world, giraffes.
Fuck giraffes.
Really?
Fucking long neck horse.
That's bullshit.
No, but it's the dolphins.
They're the rapists of the sea.
We had to come back to dolphins being terrible people.
Well, because people love dolphins and they're sketchy.
We love dolphins as a species, but then it turns out, yeah,
apparently now the new development is that when you look at dolphins,
if you get past the fourth wall of dolphins, it turns out they're sexists.
Yeah.
Which I love.
A dolphin will fuck you up.
Yeah.
If you're a shark, that's for sure.
That's all I know.
Or if you're a woman.
A woman dolphin.
And if you're a female shark, oh my God.
Oh my God.
They must be like, payday.
I saw a video really recently about a dolphin playing with a cat.
It was the cutest thing in the world.
The dolphin would use its snout and tap the cat on the head,
and then the cat would touch its paw to the snout,
and they'd go back and forth for two and a half minutes.
It was adorable.
Yeah, that's the edited version.
Oh yeah.
I was before the cat was mercilessly slaughtered.
It'd be great.
They're smart.
As soon as that prick drops that iPhone, I am fucking up that cat.
If you're listening, and here there's a lot of dolphin experts in Toronto,
but if you are listening out there, please come to the nearest
Harmontown City.
It's a dolphin expert.
We really want to hear more about, we're going to get to the bottom
of whether dolphins are good people or bad people.
Because I really want to know, because you hear these stories
of people are drowning, and then the dolphins save them,
and then you hear other stories that are like, no,
they actually actively drown the people because they're sociopaths.
And then you think, well, that's like humans too.
Like you could run across the wrong kind of human.
Right, right.
And whenever anyone uses that about an animal, they're more frightened
of you than you are of them.
You're like, well, how do I know this isn't the crazy bear?
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
There's a bit of a Ted Bundy of dolphins.
There's just like 12 really sexist dolphins that are given everyone
the wrong impression.
Yeah.
That's what they tell you to play dead with a bear
until they start eating you.
That was always my fear.
It's like, why do you play dead?
Are you going to eat you that you're dead?
Right.
I don't know if I grandmother that one.
I think some of the bears are like,
you're supposed to play dead because some of the bears
don't want to eat you.
They want you to stop attacking their cubs.
So they swipe at you, and then you're supposed to go,
oh, good job.
I'm dead.
See you later.
Good luck in your bear business.
That guy was a hell of an actor.
I can't kill him.
He's a great thespian.
Bears are like, they're huge theater fans.
You guys are in Toronto.
They have bears walking down the street, right?
They're like, you know...
Did someone say gay?
Did they mean like gay bears?
Oh, gay bears.
Okay.
I thought you meant it was gay.
The idea that wildlife was part of your society.
That's so gay to have a bear walking down the street.
With an otter.
Get real.
That's gay.
They're like, you know, bears at the dump are like
bikers.
You know, you just stay in your car and keep the doors locked.
Did you ever go to the dump to look at bears?
I never went to the dump to look at bears.
All right.
A couple of wounds from people.
You guys going to Bear Dump in Toronto?
Pack Eagle.
Pack Eagle?
The excellent Bear Dump.
Is that the, is that like Lover's Lane?
Well, sometimes when we weren't listening to the radio programs,
we'd go out to the dump.
I'm just picturing all these discarded bears.
I never understood that, like, like, like.
It's the land of misfit toys.
I guess I do get it.
I do get it.
I'm a bear with no teeth.
But didn't that always confuse you when people would say like,
oh, don't feed the, the trouble is people feed the animal in question.
Like usually it's bears, but they say the same thing about
lions or whatever they got. The danger is when they associate humans with
food and you're like, oh, got it.
Wait, what?
No.
What?
Like, because that's how you train a dog.
Well, I think you might be misunderstanding what they're saying.
The associating with you with food is now every,
every person I see is going to give me food.
So I'm going to come up to them and bother them.
Yeah.
And the person gives them a peanut.
Or it doesn't.
And then they, you know, if it's a coyote, they bark.
And, you know, that's scary for the person.
Like you don't want them approaching you because then someone could
freak out and stab it in the face or something.
All right.
So the reason, so the reason to not feed coyotes is because coyotes will get
stabbed in the face by someone without food.
Yeah.
You know about coyote hazing?
Coyote hazing.
Yeah.
It's really rampant in colleges.
It's a shame.
I can't, if I can't have an honest conversation with you.
No.
Coyote hazing.
Wait, wait, wait.
The intent, you know, and I don't know, everyone knows I'm a huge coyote
expert.
But what a cash fans.
Yeah.
I love that applause.
Spencer has a, Spencer, can I explain to Bob?
I'd love it if you did.
Spencer, Spencer, Spencer hears about coyote activity sometimes in Los
Angeles.
Spencer has in his head, he imagines that if he ever gets attacked by a
gang of coyotes.
I don't, I didn't put it that way.
I was in a virtual reality setting where dangerous coyotes are definitely going to
attack you until one of you guys is dead.
Spencer believes that he knows how to fight a pack of coyote effectively.
Four to five.
Ropa dope pack.
No, no.
Not ropa dope.
Nope.
It's a circular kicking technique.
I mean, I feel like Toronto has earned, has earned a demonstration.
I don't want to, I don't want to pimp you or anything.
I, I guess I'm going to have to do it.
I mean, you have to now.
I mean, this, when you lean, when you lean forward in your chair, this whole stage
shook.
So, I don't know.
I'm going to, I'm going to move.
It just, it just, just don't do it.
At least segue me back into coyote hazing.
Just do it.
Because I really want to get to the bottom of this.
Just do a, just do a quiet Canadian version of the coyote defense technique.
That's just going to look like it.
How do you, just for Bob, what do you mean quiet?
So, so there's five coyotes all around you.
Yeah.
And, and.
It's just, you don't, you don't keep your back exposed for long.
You keep your back moving so they can't go at your knees.
I thought it was going to be more of a sweep kick, but it was more.
No, you can't sweep a four-legged animal.
That's your first mistake.
That would be my first mistake.
Yeah.
They got way more balanced than us.
That's why we use chairs with four legs.
He was definitely taking it easy because you're nervous about these risers.
I mean, you felt that.
Yeah.
They sway.
So, so you, but you obviously care about coyotes.
Yeah.
You mean from his tender kicks?
Oh, yeah.
He wants them to live to tell the tale.
My coyote defense, if we're just fantasizing, involves a firearm.
Yeah.
Oh, no, this is an unarmed, this is an unarmed scenario.
If I had, you know, even just a backpack, my tactics would differ greatly.
Of course.
Well, what would it look like if you had a backpack?
You'd spin around backwards while swinging a backpack.
All right.
Okay.
Pasha.
Yeah.
You know, one would tackle you.
The other eat your lunchables.
It's important.
Well, you distract them with the lunchables.
You distract them with the lunchables.
Now, I'm, I love coyotes.
I know.
I actually do.
I, I do like coyotes.
They're gorgeous.
But they're also, you know, they killed, they killed my dog, Sid Vicious.
I had a Yorkie.
I feel bad about that.
But that's the animal kingdom.
Animals do.
And it's terrible.
It's terrible.
And in their defense, Sid was delicious.
No.
No, but yeah.
So I feel really weird.
You know, I actually went out with a chair.
I didn't have a backpack and didn't think about kicking.
And the kicking is the last resort.
I got it.
But I, I, I scared the coyote off of Jimmy Stewart and Andy to frame the other two dogs.
Oh, did you save your other two dogs?
Yeah.
I mean, Los Angeles, I don't know if the Toronto has an equivalent, but Los Angeles, it's like,
it's crazy to me because like a wildlife is, it astounds me.
The fact that there's raccoons astounds me because everywhere you look, there's just city.
And then there's this whole population of like mountain lions and, and, and I don't know
where they come from or where they could possibly live.
But yes, I understand that there's probably mountains involved.
Thank you.
Griffith Park is probably where they live.
But it's just like, like, like there's kind of, sometimes you'll see like a kind of dazed
coyote, like, like walking down the sidewalk.
In Los Feliz.
And it's like, holy shit.
It's like a dog, but it ain't a dog.
It'll eat another dog.
Yeah.
You got to haze them.
That's why whenever I see them driving around, I like honk my horn and I shine my lights at
them and I go at them like I'm going to hit them with my car.
Coyote hazing.
People, look it up.
Let me talk about coyote hazing.
And the alternative, though, is that you're one of these people that just like your dog
is gone one way.
Yeah.
That's what you do it.
Because like we were saying, if you feed a coyote, they'll be like, oh man, humans are
cool.
I can go in their backyard and whatever.
You know, they think you're like a cool, they think humans aren't dangerous and they need
to think humans are dangerous so they're not comfortable around them because when they're
comfortable around them, they're animals.
All right.
Well, bears don't need to.
No, you should do it to a lot of wildlife.
Like they suggest you, anytime you see a squirrel.
No, but they say throw rocks at bears and make yourself as big as possible.
It's the same thing.
They want you to be uncomfortable.
They want you to make animals uncomfortable around you.
We saw two mountain lions when we were making the Bigfoot movie I made.
You mean Willow Creek, which is available in all the demand.
It was terrifying.
What did they look like when you see them in the wild?
Because in the movies, they're always crouching on the rock.
It was way scarier.
It was like standing up to really tall and it was just walking casual like, what up?
You know, it was really intimidating.
And then it was a scene.
There's a scene in the tent that's really long and scary.
We filmed that about at 2 a.m. after we'd seen a mountain lion and the actor, Bryce Johnson,
this is a long take and his character started crying.
And I said, that was really good, Bryce, but I just don't think your character would cry
in the scene.
He goes, I'm not crying.
He's like, the character's not crying, I'm crying.
Why are we filming this out in the woods at 3 a.m.?
We could be in a hotel parking lot.
And so we were hanging around with the ranger who was a Bigfoot enthusiast.
And so I was sitting close to ranger Robert because I figured he could protect me from a mountain lion.
And he said, because you know, I'm a writer too.
And I go, oh, what are you writing?
He goes, you know Twilight?
I go, yeah, I don't know Twilight.
He goes, well, I write coming of age stories set in the Bigfoot community, like Twilight.
And I said, what's the name of your book?
You guys, the first one was Yeti or Not.
And I know you think I'm setting up for a joke, but it's available on eBay.
You can get Yeti or Not.
What was the second one?
I didn't ask for the second one.
You know what they say about boys with big feet?
No.
Good times.
The Bigfoot, it doesn't work as well with the adolescent Judy Bloom kind of culture.
Hello, God, it's me, Bigfoot.
God, it's me, Sasquatch.
I once, for about an evening, thought it would be funny to make that a movie.
And then I went out and bought it.
And I was like, nobody would be, you know, it all started because someone said,
what are you doing next?
I said, I'm doing a period piece.
Puns.
Ah, puns.
Puns, we're back.
That's how today started about how much we hated puns.
I think it's funny, though, that your life was in the hands of a guy that then was like,
I'm a writer.
Did that make you feel less safe?
Totally.
It's like, stand back.
He's got an idea.
You want a guy that's like, no, I definitely am totally enthused about the idea of physical conflict with nature.
Not a guy that's like, you know, I could have done Buffy.
I'm doing this in the meantime.
Stand back, I've got a strong second act.
But also it's like, also like you being able to resonate with that guy makes you, like as a bodyguard,
when it comes to a bodyguard, the quality I want most is not being able to understand what he's thinking.
Yeah.
If I were to hire a bodyguard, I'd be like, oh, you're a giant slab of meat.
Me, back at me.
Yeah, I was definitely the alpha male at that moment.
Yeah, I've got a screenplay.
Oh boy.
Well, I don't know how much time we've burned.
I don't know how Toronto's time works.
I think I heard that your minutes are one minute and three seconds long.
Well, these days your beers are a little stronger and your minutes are a little longer.
These days they're 57 minutes, I'm told.
Oh, that's probably America's fault.
We probably did too much fracking.
Sorry about that.
We had to, we drink your milkshake a little bit.
We heard there's some time up here we could use to power our cars.
But yeah, I don't know how long we've gone, but I know that we should meet some friends and play some D&D in that order.
Now, I know that we do have some friends that came here, like I know Jan's here.
It's Jan, it's just spelled weird.
No offense, Jan.
Jan, where are you?
Are you here?
Are you raising your hand?
Do you want to come up and visit with us just for a little bit?
Just for a second?
Just for God's sake.
Jane's been on the podcast before.
Jane makes a special brand of moonshine called Earthshine because Harmontowns is a moon colony.
So Earthshine is what he makes.
How are you, buddy?
Where are you living now?
I live in, it's called upstate New York, Central New York, around Elmira.
So you made the trip here to Toronto to check out the show.
Did you bring your kid?
Yep, Devon did.
Hey, Devon, how are you?
So you're making moonshine in Elmira?
Yes.
It's super legal there.
Well, it's actually not too bad.
In New York state, you can make a limited quantity now.
Can you guys hear him okay?
Do you need to eat that mic a little more?
I need to eat the mic a little.
Okay.
Do you sell that Earthshine?
No, no, I'm not allowed to sell it.
It's a labor of love.
Absolutely.
Spencer drank some.
I don't know if you can tell.
I'm doing good. I didn't drink that much.
You know, I'm feeling warm.
Yeah, it comes in about 135 proofs.
So yeah, you definitely want to cut it with water, serve it on the rocks.
That's tough.
Yeah, we saw them.
Most of these people saw the movie.
That wasn't your moonshine, but high proof alcohol.
Right now, the crowd is going, oh, I hope Dan drinks some of it.
You're going to take a poll?
You don't need to take a poll.
They want that ending.
I mean, I'm more than happy to.
It's backstage.
The show is almost over.
You're going to want to chase it with some vodka.
I just noticed your logo is like, it's like the male female symbol, but it's like the
male thing, but the wiener is kind of bent around the circumference.
It's because you're talking about your sex drive diminishing.
Actually, I did a bumper sticker version of that that some people have seen that says
Harmontown, next tangent.
Oh, that's a tangent.
It's like an off-ramp type of motif.
Now, Aaron told me one thing.
Keep him away from the shine.
Oh, really?
No.
Pop scratch gold card.
You have one job.
Cheers.
Oh, no.
That's what I did.
I mean, it's so crazy.
Do you ever talk about on stage?
We tried to.
You were trying to interview me, and Jeff kept interrupting me.
I'm Bobcat.
He just pointed at me.
Jeff.
Well, it's your seat.
I think Jeff's a lot more hurt than I am right now.
So when I came up on stage, I introduced myself as Glenn.
Glenn.
Right.
Which is my birthday.
And then I was feeling kind of like, here's a chance.
There's a community.
It's going to be very accepting.
I could have just come out as transgendered, right?
So I sent you a letter afterwards that you got the next night.
And then you read it in episode 79.
You read some of it, and you guys talked about it.
Five or 10 minutes about transgender, and it was really cool.
You really shared a lot of just very forthcoming, very accepting
around the whole idea of transgenderism.
Because transgender is the new black.
I want to end on the ground floor of that shit.
I don't want to get shot in the fucking...
Say the T-word, man.
No, but the chance-gender thing is like, you can't even say...
I can't even say a simple thing like, it's crazy.
Someone will go, that really offended me when you said it's crazy.
It's fucking crazy.
We're us struggling to cope with it, to work with it, is a crazy new thing.
It's new. It's very new.
It's coming out of this whole stigma of being a mental illness.
And trying to deal with it as like an actual code in the DSM-4, DSM-5,
diagnostic manual for people.
But the mental illness side of it is that I'm really confused.
Society is confused about me, and I'm trying to deal with a society
that has all these expectations about how I'm going to behave.
There was a time when somebody were to say, you know,
I guess I was born a dude, technically, but I truly feel like
I would like to identify as a woman.
There was definitely a time, and I think we're still living in that time,
when people would go, okay, we have a word for that.
It's called crazy.
But now the progression is, oh, okay, let's stop calling that crazy.
Let's build a society around people being allowed to do that.
And as people start to do that, you start to dig a little bit more deeper
into just how complex it is.
You and Jeff started to get into this a little bit.
You started talking about Kinsey scale and stuff.
You're starting to recognize that, so you can have this continuum
from male to female, when people can sit in between somewhere
on how they identify, but also how they present,
and what their biology is, what's their physiology,
what is their genetics.
Every one of those aspects has a sliding scale.
Right.
Nobody is at either end.
And not only do you not sit at a particular point in any of those scales,
you have ranges, and those ranges change with time,
and they interact with each other.
And that's just the gender identity part of it, or the physiology.
Then you have the whole sexual side of it as well.
Are you attracted to men?
Are you attracted to women?
Are you attracted to both?
Are you attracted to neither?
Are you attracted to people who are particularly somewhere sitting in between?
You have the whole idea of pansexuality or asexuality,
and all these variables, you can stack them up in this hyperspatial,
and I've developed one of these, I'm a scientist,
and you can hyperspatially map a person's sexual gender physiological identity,
and you find out, God, we are fucking complex.
Yeah, imagine we would be.
How is society going to deal with that?
In 15 years, you'll be able to, because I see video games,
where I can choose to be a man or a woman or something in between.
Like, right now, you can still hit a binary switch,
and you go, ah, I'll be a female, but I'll be a plant creature.
Makes the code a lot more simple.
Like, the code will break those barriers down,
and video games will just be like,
well, do you want to have feminine characteristics,
or what does that mean?
That's also a dichotomy.
My point being that in terms of simulation,
we always look forward to simulation.
20 years from now, you're going to put a USB,
I'm sure that standard will still remain.
You're going to put a key chain plug in the back of your head,
and for six hours, if you have six hours to spare,
you're going to get to know what it feels like to be an adolescent octopus.
Like, you're not going to,
and you're going to come out of that experience
and having totally fucking loved and lost as a female octopus,
adolescent octopus, and, you know,
you're going to go back to work and take over banks and stuff,
but you're going to be like, fuck, I miss Stacy.
And your wife's going to be like, what were you doing?
No, I was playing, you know, Tomb Raider.
But if we are afforded the opportunity,
and I think Thailand stands in evidence of this,
if we are afforded the opportunity,
we will do a lot of fucked up shit.
Like, tourists will check into a hotel,
and they will explore different avenues,
and they will bend different things.
We structure our civilization on, like,
do I have too much moonshine?
Is that what I'm talking about?
What did Thailand do wrong?
Thailand didn't do anything wrong.
I'm sorry, Thailand.
I've never been there.
I was playing on a joke.
I thought we would get a laugh.
It seems as clear...
Well, he makes it.
It's like a bee drinking honey.
Like, big deal.
But it seems as clear as it should have been
to people who are making their money off of vinyl
that MP3s were a thing, that sexuality is more complicated
than a dichotomy.
It seems that clear.
That doesn't mean that anyone should get over their hangups,
but it definitely does seem like it's like,
oh, we're going to have to get used to the bit-torrenting
of sexuality.
We're going to have to accept that, like,
it is a four-dimensional, like, Tesseract.
It's like...
So I'm turning 50 with me, Bob, or the old people.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
But I have a lot of hope from the kids.
I mean, I see that it's just becoming more and more common,
a lot more fluid.
It's not everywhere, and it depends upon where you live,
but it's a creeping thing.
It'll keep moving forward, I think,
and people just see people like me, people like...
Drew Paul?
Well, maybe a little...
No, absolutely, though.
I don't know.
Chesbono, I mean, there's just a lot of people
who are coming... Bruce Jenner, evidently.
Well, you give me...
That's what I didn't know about.
You bring up an interesting point, which is,
aren't old people necessarily worse people
than young people?
Yeah, that is a good point.
I mean, that's...
Because if we keep getting more progressive
and accepting and more ethical,
then that means that we were less that.
Well, we were bound by...
So my grandma should be murdered.
He has an agenda.
Yeah, I think so.
If anyone sees my grandma,
I will pay 200 U.S. dollars.
He's not fucking joking.
He hates his grandma.
She's crazy.
Something that you don't know about Sprenger,
he fucking hates all old people.
And he actually hates all old people.
I'm not kidding.
I used to resent young people, you know,
and now I hate people my age or older,
because they embrace their lack of...
You know what I mean?
It's just like,
I don't know how the internet works.
How do I poop?
And it's your fault.
Yeah, I don't like that either.
Cremuginary.
I don't...
There's a certain...
Cremuginary to me is like,
here's what I like to do.
I like somebody who thinks they have a claim
to my time finding out that I'm 41 years old.
Get the fuck away from me.
I just like the general,
like kind of like,
nope, you're not the first person
that's ever tried to leverage me
in that particular emotional way.
You are scenario 317A.
Go fuck yourself.
I'm closer to death than you are.
Membership has its privileges.
That's the only...
As far as like,
yeah, I mean like culture,
like you definitely need to check yourself
when you're older,
because you definitely...
It's not adorable or cute.
To be like,
I don't know how to work this.
It's like, figure it out, you fucking piece of shit.
Yeah, I find it really annoying.
And also,
figure me out, you fucking pieces of shit.
I also extend that to movies and shit.
Like, I start to feel like,
you would hear me complaining a lot
about movies if I bothered to...
I find it uncharismatic,
people my age going like,
did you see Iron Man 5?
I'm like, it's not for you,
you 49-year-old dumbass.
It's fucking for people
seeing their first movie ever.
That's for 18-year-olds.
They're not making movies for us anymore.
Yeah, there's an art to it,
to making movies for 18-year-olds.
Maybe they did it better or worse
in that regard,
but come on,
you should be ashamed of yourself.
Go watch something French.
If you're that...
If you're 45
and you haven't figured out
how to see a good movie,
it's on you.
Well...
Oh, that third Hulk movie, boo!
Yeah.
You're 45!
Derivative.
Would you please...
I mean, it's fine.
I will have that conversation with you
for three hours,
like, in private.
I'm just saying,
don't shake your cane at the kids.
Like, if they like Guardians of the Galaxy,
which sucks!
What?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I was fucking boring and dumb.
What was boring about it, damn?
I'm not gonna say,
because I'm 41 and I have class.
I'm 50 and I don't.
I loved it.
Yeah, he's older than you.
I am Groot!
Okay, part of it is watching it
on a Canadian hotel TV screen.
I don't know.
I've probably lost something
in the standard...
How is that even possible?
Is that out in Canadian theaters?
Dude, I'm telling you...
Doesn't it take like two years
for movies to come up here?
That's racist.
That's country-ist.
Thank you.
Country-ist.
That's a cultural thing.
I didn't think Guardians of the Galaxy
was worth the hoopla.
Nothing's ever worth the hoopla.
But then I was like,
the kids like it.
So, so do I.
There you go.
I enjoyed it.
Would you call yourself a filmmaker?
No.
I'd call you a filmmaker.
Thank you.
Say, I'm a guy.
I make movies.
I like that.
When I...
Because I would vomit in my own mouth
if I heard the dude from Police Academy
referring to himself as a filmmaker.
Filmmaker.
Hello.
I'm Bobsketch Goldfob.
Filmmaker.
That's why my name's not even
on my movies till the very end.
Bobsketch Goldfob?
Yeah.
No.
I had a woman at me.
Mr. Fancy Nose.
She said,
are you Bobsketch Goldfob?
And I was like,
I gotta end this conversation.
I got,
yes, yes I am.
I'm whatever
takes to get away from you.
What's your rich cousin from Toronto?
He's coming up.
Hello.
I'm Bobsketch Goldfob.
What are you doing here?
We should get some estrogen up here.
Excuse me.
Let's see.
I don't know.
That's one milligram twice.
That's one of 50 questions I have for you.
Can I get some of yours?
Are you holding?
Look,
I don't do drugs,
but that would be a pretty good experiment.
Yeah, that actually would be.
I mean,
we're going to be able to do that.
That's what I'm saying.
You're going to be able to put
a USB drive in your head.
You're going to be able to get
to be anything you want for a day.
What do you identify as?
Female.
But I mean,
just straight out,
that's what you say?
Yes.
Okay.
I have a question about,
and I'm interested,
and not that you represent
the entire community or something,
and I'm going to sound super naive right now.
You wouldn't sound worse than Jeff did
back in episodes.
But I'm wondering like,
maybe you guys talked about it,
but Jared Leto's performance
in Dallas Buyer's club
seemed to get criticized by the community.
Do you have anything?
I haven't seen that.
Oh, okay.
Was it too,
like Queenie or,
I think I saw that movie.
I mean,
but what do I know?
But I mean,
it didn't bother me.
I didn't call.
You don't know what problem
they had with it.
Well,
I felt like he performed,
and I felt like he was a dude.
I felt he was playing a human being.
I didn't think it was kitsch
or over the top,
but maybe that's,
maybe the people who had a problem with it
don't hang out with the...
Well,
I'm hearing a lot of good stuff.
I've just seen some clips online.
I haven't actually seen
an episode of Jeffrey Tambor's
performance in,
yeah,
in Transparent.
So it's a new...
But it's weird.
It's like,
anytime there's a group
that starts to get
respect,
there's so much infighting.
Well, there's a...
There's ever the very...
It's the group thing, right?
Yeah.
I mean,
when you have something as complex
as transgenderism,
transsexuality,
transgender identity,
generally,
you're going to draw your Venn diagram
a lot of different ways.
Yeah.
And I understand that
the complaint is,
why didn't you hire
a real transgender person,
but the reality of it
is that wouldn't have gotten
made that movie without it.
And what is a real transgender person?
Yeah, what is that?
There's a lot of...
What is that?
So, right.
So, I mean,
I identify as female.
I am...
I identify as pansexual.
I have a male body,
mostly,
at the moment,
but I am taking female hormones.
I have a male genetic structure,
as far as I know.
I have no idea
what my epigenetic structure is
or the structure of my brain.
All these things are mixing together,
and since the age of 12,
have been sort of moving to be toward
something where I stand here now,
as I know some people who would say
that when they get to this point
where your body is a certain way
and your mind is essentially
poisoned by male hormones
for 40 years,
but you're actually a female
that just manifested differently.
So, the fascinating thing about
transgenderism,
is that an ism?
That'll do.
Is the idea that what we're talking about
is release from a dichotomy.
We're talking largely about
transcendence of dichotomy.
And yet, there is so much focus,
I guess, by necessity on dichotomy.
Necessity within the context of the culture.
Right.
When I was a kid,
we had Boy George and we had Prince,
and I have no idea what was going on with them.
Boy George was my hero.
I knew that my parents
were upset about them.
And the reason they were upset
is because my dad couldn't figure out
if they were a boy or a girl.
And in fact, the heavy metal guys
were wearing mascara and stuff.
Androgyny was a form of rebellion,
but it was all in service of dichotomy.
It seems to me like the dichotomy
is the enemy, isn't it?
Isn't the idea that you're either
a man or a woman the actual bad guy?
Well, it's a matter of comfort.
Society has a certain comfort level
and a certain energy level that's necessary
to maintain its structure and its forward momentum.
Complexity makes that worse.
And when you start acknowledging complexity,
a culture begins to say,
I need systems to deal with this.
I need more pigeonholes.
I need more bins.
I need more bits in my bites.
And that takes energy and takes time
until people begin to then sort of relax back from it
and say the answer isn't more pigeonholes.
The answer is just more acceptance of individuals.
Yeah, I always feel like...
Don't give him applause.
That's my applause.
I created the form, but now I'm kidding.
I always feel like...
The big difference is as we progress,
there's always two...
There's the progress that lowers barriers,
that makes walls that used to be there stop existing.
And those are really scary to people.
And then there's militant versions of the progress
that actually raise new walls.
And I'm always very suspicious of them.
They're like, why are you telling me
that from now on I have to do this or that?
The fear is on both sides, right?
You're going through life with this sort of a situation like I have.
You get very defensive.
Yeah, because you're trying to protect your own system.
I could appreciate that.
And across all those different spectrums I was talking about,
each one of those subgroups has their own groups,
their own barriers, their own protections.
It's incredibly difficult.
I always feel like you can feel the nails across the chalkboard.
When we have a transgender person on stage,
or anyone that addresses the subject,
I always feel like unlike if you talk about race or class or gender,
you can feel like the confusion.
You can feel the nails on the chalkboard.
You can hear in an audience of 200 people,
you can hear one person popping up over there and over there,
and then they're gone like, that's nuts.
But you pointed out before about when Levi was up on stage.
Because Levi's a very fucking specific dude.
Right.
He had the mustache.
He was talking about how he was owning the male physiology.
And he was saying, in Los Angeles in 2014,
that meant he was an ambassador of transgenderism.
And so there were people in the back of the room.
Why aren't you effininate?
Why aren't you just like bullying?
It's like, oh, where's your makeup?
Where's your dress?
It's like, oh, okay.
But right now, so I'm presenting fairly male.
I have on women's pants.
Nice.
I have on androgynous chucks, which I've always worn.
All right.
I'm rocking my feral audio t-shirt.
Now you're making me question my sexuality.
Well, you should be.
What's similar to me?
40% of your wardrobe is apparently female.
But it's how I'm feeling.
I'm going to reach a point in my life where I'm going to present
obviously female all the time.
I'm going to legally.
You heard it here first folks.
I'm going to change my name to Jane.
What, no, so is that your goal?
I mean, I feel like this could be a three hour podcast.
Is it different goals for different people?
That is part of the dichotomy.
There is a point where you will be like, I have arrived at a place.
You will be a...
Well, I am arriving at a place every single fucking day, believe me.
And what I will do is I will arrive at a place where I'll say,
okay, for the good of the people who I have to associate with
because of my professional life, because of my family life, whatever,
I need to put a stake in the ground for everyone else's comfort
because I'm a nice person and I understand that I need to exist.
I'm not going to be the militant outsider my whole life.
So I'm going to say, okay, for everybody else,
preferred gender pronoun is now female.
The name is Jane and I'm going to be wearing a dress
and I'm going to be wanting to use the women's bathroom.
And that just becomes, okay, that legally, socially, whatever,
that's a stake in the ground.
But that's not something that any transgender person has to do
because they have no obligations in society to do anything.
They're just trying to believe me.
I mean, I'm 50 and I'm just taking these steps
and I've known since I was 10 or 11 that something was fucked up.
It's taken me this long to get my life to a point
where I can just be up here on this stage.
Is that why you dedicated most of your life to creating a substance
that would fuck other people up?
Yes, absolutely.
You're like a Marvel super villain.
Well, none of them will know what's going on.
A poisoning woman.
They will all wake up every morning,
wondering what they did last night, who they were,
I am androgyne max.
It's funny because Dr. Horrible is one of my big heroes.
I think you should stay up here.
When I was a kid, I was in a dress a lot.
And it wasn't for the comedy.
It was truly like I felt comfortable.
And when you were like at a high school function
and you show up in a skirt, not a kilt, just a skirt,
it couldn't be a bigger fuck you to the football team.
It would be like, hey, how you doing?
And it would be like, it was really beautiful.
I used to wear skirts when I used to work on the show
and happily ever after on tape night.
Because when they would go, please welcome your audience.
And it'd be Marines would be the audience.
And then I'd come out and they'd be like, yeah.
And one day when my daughter was really little,
she was about eight, I woke her up and she goes,
dad, where'd you get that sweater?
I go, oh, it's new.
She goes, it would go so well with your brown skirt.
But the reason I did it was it would be really comfortable.
And it's such a fuck you.
You're not like, if you were on the set of community
and you show up in a skirt, you're like, I'm the fucking guy.
Go fuck yourself.
I think they would actually be like, oh, good.
Now we have a label for what's wrong with you.
Because otherwise it's just why is it
free and beautiful way to like squirt your musk?
Yeah, I know.
I mean, anything is, yeah.
I think everybody should.
The way I can access it is let's get out of dichotomies.
Let's get away from it has to be this or that.
That's what I can understand.
But in thinking that, that's just me,
a guy that exists within a very specific dichotomy,
that's going like, well, world without dichotomies.
Boy, oh boy.
There are people who want.
That's why I was obsessing about that dichotomy thing.
It was like, well, yeah.
But a lot of people, it actually is about going from one side
of the fence to the other, like specifically,
even though to a person who exists on either side
of that fence, that person might be a hero
by virtue of their transcendence.
They actually are making a journey
and they want to arrive somewhere and create stability
and be something.
That to me is the confusing thing,
because I don't want to offend anybody
by assuming that about them.
I don't want to look at somebody and go like,
well, you can't wait to be a woman, can you?
It's like, maybe you're something other than that.
That doesn't, but if that were your goal,
I would love to get behind it.
And again, I don't want to say,
I just can't speak for the entire trans community,
because it's humongous.
But I think in general,
my experience has been that most trans folk
are actually very understanding
of what's called the cis-gendered community,
the people whose gender aligns.
I'm offended by that phrase, by the way.
Yes, yes.
I'm starting that movement fairly.
The anti-cis.
Because we get what it's like to be misunderstood,
and if you've waited a long time,
just to have someone take the time to ask,
it's always better,
what would you like your preferred gender pronoun to be?
How would you like me to address you?
Which restroom would you like to be using?
Shall I open the door for you or will you open it for me?
All these sorts of identity things that society demands,
ask about them.
Trans people will love the fact that you care enough to ask.
To be the devil's advocate,
a lot of people in this room would love to be constantly asked
about all their fucking bullshit.
But everybody wants to be a fucking rockstar.
Right, but if trans folk put themselves out
really in the gun sites constantly,
and more so than a lot of hidden issues,
but it's more for your benefit,
for other people who aren't trans,
go ahead and ask.
If you're uncomfortable, ask.
If you're not uncomfortable, don't worry about it.
In the past, social movements,
progressive movements have been about people
who have been shut out actively,
people who are like,
you're black, you can therefore not come into this room,
and progress has been indicated by people going from saying,
I will beat you up if you come in here,
to stopping doing that,
to no longer doing things
that they were actively doing because of hatred,
dropping things, lowering walls, stopping things.
And I think the transgender movement,
the part that I understand about it
is people saying, drop your gender consciousness.
Drop it.
Stop thinking about men and women as being different things.
That's where feminism and nerdism and blackism
and LGBTs and every other alphabet letter,
they all intersect there.
It can all stop thinking about the person
that you're looking at as being anything other than a person.
That person stops.
Get to know that person.
Let the boundaries drop.
The things that I don't get are the movements
that involve new rules.
My 41-year-old road comic quills are going to go,
I ain't learning no new rules.
I will definitely learn to stop doing more shit.
Absolutely.
I jumped aboard.
As soon as I found out that anyone
had a problem with gay people, I was like,
I am so on board, it's crazy.
You know why?
It's the easiest way to be progressive in the world.
Don't hate them.
All you have to do is give less of a shit about more people.
Absolutely.
All you have to do is stop caring about even more people.
It's fucking great.
My parents had to bother to dedicate a section of their brain
to keeping gay people from doing shit.
What a dumb waste of fucking time.
A Minecraft to play.
I'm a fucking advocate.
Get married.
Do whatever the fuck you want.
It's easy.
Boundaries coming down.
I think that's what Irish people, Jewish people,
black people, that's all they ever wanted was,
can you stop noticing that I'm black?
The tough thing is, in a culture in America,
down south as we call it up here,
where we truly, it's fucking noteworthy
that our progress is like,
black men got the vote before white women.
We respected people that we regarded as property
enough to say, yes, you should also have a say
in who's president, and then sometime later,
women got the right to also be counted on that.
That is why I think the trans thing is like,
it's like, holy fuck.
It's not because we don't respect people
for moving from one side to the other.
It's because we don't know the fuck we were thinking
in the first place about men and women.
It was a tough road.
We have no idea.
We're just barely going to...
Anyways, too much earth shine.
You haven't drank anything.
I only had a couple of quarts of this.
If you told me we were up here for six hours,
I believe you.
Yeah, I think we're over two hours.
No, no.
Let's go to the toad board.
I'm 100% sure I'm pretty...
What does that mean?
That's the time it currently is.
That's not helpful unless we know when we started.
How long have we been up here?
Almost two hours.
Two hours?
Alright.
How do we end this show?
D&D.
Alright, let's very quickly find a woman.
Someone who identifies as a woman.
What?
Genetic woman?
Let's take the one in the front because we got no time to waste.
And by the one, I don't mean that you're an object.
What's your name, young lady?
I'm Jillian.
Jillian?
Alright.
Okay, let's get the show on the road.
I don't know.
I love Toronto.
I fucking...
I could be up here for seven hours.
I don't care.
There you go then.
Oh, thank you.
Who's going to be whom?
Let's just see how the dice, you know, roll.
Well, I would assume that Goldthwaite should play Quark.
That's Jeff's character.
I'll play Sharpie.
I appear to be dignity.
Chris de Burgh.
And you should be Jillian.
You're my fianc, Mulraine.
Or, well, Diggity Star's Garden of Hell.
We're going to start doing this song called The Trans Woman in Lavender.
Alright.
Let's break down those color barriers too.
I'm not going to get music, right?
I mean, I don't need it.
I just want to know now.
What?
What do you want to know?
I'm not going to get music, right?
Oh, fuck no, man.
That's all I asked.
I don't...
That's fucking America, dude, where we have missiles pointed at whoever doesn't play music.
Alright.
Well, uh...
But if you cut your finger here...
Get a new finger.
Yeah.
Wow.
Alright.
Put on by a beaver.
So, acapella then.
When we last met, our heroes had just finished dispatching Father Tinder,
who after murdering the Dharma household,
called upon the evil might of the Shard of Power,
and was transformed into a massive monster.
But despite his demonic new form,
teamwork still managed to win the day.
But left with Father Tinder's shattered corpse,
our gang was looking pretty suspicious,
and when the cops came,
Diggity lied to the guard while our friends escaped.
After trying to figure out what was going on,
the gang found and interrogated Spizzbulb,
who was very defensive towards Sharpie's questioning.
But then everybody calmed down,
and in the lull, Sharpie and Diggity ran out into the street
and got hit by a horse-drawn carriage.
Oh.
Was that cannon?
Yeah.
They got knocked down.
Will they get back up again?
Is anything ever gonna keep them down?
Find out on an all-new Pulse Pounding episode.
Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up.
So, okay.
You guys, you two are lying in the street face up.
Your consciousness slowly, slowly comes back to you,
and you don't know what happens, or what happened.
You're talking about all of us?
Just the two of you that were hit by a horse-drawn carriage.
Me, me, and...
When I'm doing the music for you, I'm not listening.
No, I mean, when you're not doing the music for me, you're not listening.
Also, when I'm sober and or have had a court of some weird...
Earthshine.
Yeah.
Some miraculous earthshine.
Yeah, so you got hit by a fucking horse-drawn carriage.
I did.
You two farther away from me.
You see this happen.
React.
Oh, no.
Why did you do that?
What just happened?
I hope our good friends are okay.
I'm going to run over and check on them, and drag them out of the street.
Actually, I'll drag them out of the street so they don't get run over again.
I'm going to say that's successful, because I don't have my dice out.
I'm going to watch.
Does this village have universal health care?
Give this guy some dice for God's sake, Toronto.
How do they give it?
He has it.
He saves.
There's no clerics.
You got socialized medicine?
You don't have dice?
No, I have them.
They were just in my bag.
Sorry, I didn't mean to berate you.
I didn't feel you were berating me.
I thought that was great.
No, I was talking to them.
I didn't feel like you were berating them.
I thought that was great.
All right, you pull them out of the street.
You guys are injured pretty badly.
A couple of your ribs are broken.
Ow.
Accurate.
I don't think any of us have any healing.
That's dignity actually does.
Can I heal myself?
Yeah.
You lay hands onto yourself and you gain back 14 hit points, I think.
14.
Not very Canadian of you.
I don't get that at all.
Can I heal Sharpie now?
Yeah, yeah.
I heal Sharpie.
He also takes 14 hit points of healing.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Can we recollect and go back in and talk to Spizzbulb again without you being...
I don't know if you remember, Dan, how you were...
I don't remember.
...behaving.
Spizzbulb's there with you.
You were having a Le Neuve moment with Spizzbulb.
Yeah, Spizzbulb's there with you in the wheelchair.
He's like, that was crazy.
You guys should look both ways.
I was mean to the actual Spizzbulb.
Don't worry about it.
You don't remember.
Spizzbulb was in the wheelchair.
Can I heal him?
Yeah.
Okay, I lay hands on Spizzbulb.
He's like, oh man, that's super good, but my vertebrae are still shattered.
Oh, sorry.
I mean, it feels less painful, so thank you.
Classic, classic mistake.
I don't feel so well.
I sure could get healed.
I got seven per day, so I got, like, what, four left?
Can I lay hands on Quark?
Oh, yeah.
I lay hands on Quark.
Yeah.
You feel so good.
Oh, mother perl.
I'm fine.
That's great.
This is a great adventure.
Yeah, it's amazing.
It's adventurous.
Speaking of adventurous, you hear yet again a very familiar sound that you've heard not long ago.
It sounds like a police siren.
Wee-wee, wee-wee, wee-wee.
It's Borat.
Borat's coming.
My wife.
Wa-wa-wee-wa.
You hear that sound.
We just ran away from them.
You sure did.
Oh, shit.
Well, I wish I didn't eat my wee.
We should get out of town.
The whole thing is going on, though, with Admiral Darkstar in the angel body being repelled by...
Does anybody else remember this dark election?
Where do you think we should go?
I'm serious because, honestly, the last couple weeks have been a mess.
You've been listening.
Where do you think we should go?
Air City.
Yeah, we were supposed to be trying to get to the Air City because...
Why were we going to the Air City again?
Because that's where the robot baby was going to get his memories back.
Right, it was the robot baby quest.
So we should get out of town.
No, we should try to get outside.
Yeah, this whole thing was a bad turn.
Dignity.
Admiral Darkstar's guide.
I know you work here.
I know you've been with us only a short time, but we would appreciate your help getting out of town.
I can help with that.
Great.
She has a horse.
Let's take my horse.
Let's get out of town.
Do we all fit on it?
How many people usually fit on the horse?
Don't tell them the truth.
The truth will punish you.
Like, what's the max capacity of a horse?
It's too comfortably.
Palomino?
A luxury Palomino?
No, a regular one is like nine.
Is a Clydesdale a horse?
Yes.
You could fit all of us on a Clydesdale.
That's a stretch limo.
No, I know Quirk's halfling.
I know he's a gnome.
No, seriously, I don't know.
Two people.
No, I think you can all fit uncomfortably.
Alright, it's not a joke.
Can we get out of town?
Can we get through the gates?
Yeah, you ride towards the gates
and you see crowds of city guards
kind of blocking your way.
You're going to have to run something over or something.
Step on the gas.
Just a hazard style.
Let's do it.
Alright, you step on the gas
and head forward with great speed.
You knock down three of the guards
but then you go through the barrier
as if it wasn't even there
and blast out of the city gates.
This is a metaphor for transgender.
Absolutely.
I'm loving this.
I don't want this lost on you.
No, no, no, this is great.
Onward, onward.
Onward.
Yeah, we're free.
We're free of the city.
That's what you wanted to do.
Did we lose the police?
They're standing at the gates just watching you.
You don't want to go out.
Did Admiral Darkstar notice that?
Yeah, you quickly realize why.
There's a large angel demon
who's now bearing down on you at incredible speeds.
Ah, cheese and crackers.
Bearing down on you.
Admiral Darkstar.
Yeeah!
You're never going to catch us.
And that's a fact.
Is it?
Nice.
Yes.
He catches up to you.
Yeah, but...
What seems to be the problem,
because we signaled...
Is that Cannon?
Yeah, yeah, he says that.
I'm going to murder you!
All right, that's one thing we could do.
Listen.
Admiral Darkstar.
Sharpie.
Long time enemy.
First time conversation.
Actually, no.
You remember when you were his mother?
All right.
They never talked.
It was a really dysfunctional home.
That was evident.
I don't think
that your goals
conflict with ours anymore.
I disagree!
Why two diaroles?
One for the...
They're opposed checks, Dan!
All right, okay, sorry.
We don't have the shard of fucking thing.
We have stopped caring about that shit.
What?!
Yeah, that's right.
I don't...
I want this to simultaneously offend you
and get us free from our relationship,
but we don't
care
about you anymore.
He charges up
like Mega Man.
Yeah, I can do that too.
I charge up also like Mega Man.
He breathes around his
form and he blasts
from his chest
a large humanoid figure
made of form and it plops onto the ground
by you guys
and gets up.
It's all fiery and made of fire.
What's his preferred pronoun?
Oh.
Yeah.
Jillian.
Do you ask it directly?
Well, we won't know that for a while, yeah.
Yeah.
It's a fire guy.
Fire guy. Getting to his feet.
Friend or foe, fire guy?
How big is it?
It's a large size,
about eight feet tall, nine feet tall, I should say.
Alright, honestly,
rabbit hunting with a tank.
As they say in my culture.
What's a tank?
It's an overkill.
We don't have the shard.
Didn't you know that we're useful?
Right, exactly.
So you're gonna die?
Well, no.
What is it about us that you don't like
in yourself that you see in us?
For real, like, seriously.
Because this has been going on way too long.
Thank you.
Are we too diverse a party?
Can you not really deal with how many different types of people we are?
That's really not it at all.
Well,
so we just request passage
and we just, like, you have so much more energy
that you're gonna need to get the shard
from the town.
Do we know where the shard is?
I mean, it still looks like in the ground
in the puddle or something.
Speaking of which, you actually see
a dark force on the horizon.
You must have passed it
while you were coming out, but you're so
focused on leaving the town
that you just blazed right past it.
It's a large host of black
humanoid creatures, and upon closer inspection
they're actually darkened skeletons.
They've been burned in ash,
and they're beaten on the walls,
the force fields of these doors
of the city are just
crowding around it.
Not a great place to hang out.
That's why we left. We don't like it there.
There's a shard in there.
Also, was that
that bag of holding that you told us we shouldn't take out?
You left that in the downtown.
Okay, good. I just want to make sure.
We have our passports.
He's just standing.
He looks like he's awaiting something.
He's waiting for some sort of something.
Yeah, if it's all the same to you, Admiral,
we'll be on our way.
Give him the robot baby.
That's a good call.
Put the robot baby there
to intrigue him
and distract him, and then we'll run it.
You see
from the city coming to town,
you see of this large dome
like force field popping out of the top
as it looks like the morning star
rising from the earth.
It goes above
the force field, and you can see
the skeletons, they're kind of climbing up
on the top of the force field,
and they gather all around this shard
and in a crack of light, all of them
disappear all at once.
And Admiral Darkstar is like,
What the fuck?
You!
I'm coming for you!
And he takes off,
leaving you with the fiery humanoid figure.
All right.
So how bad does this horse have to piss?
Uh,
as bad as a racehorse.
All right.
So do your best.
Fiery figure.
You command the horse to piss
and it's a well-trained mount, so it does.
It pisses on the fiery leg
and knocks out one of its legs
for a short amount of time.
It falls and stumbles to the ground, prone.
Where are you from?
Let's get out of here.
I mean, what's, you know...
Enough battles.
What better way to express how we feel
than to leave?
To piss on the leg and leave.
Because, again,
we're saying,
we own you.
You own yourself.
Good luck on your adventures
with one leg.
And so to us.
All right.
So on a horse, you can easily outpace
a one-legged fire elemental.
And you've ride
and you ride until you find
what's the only light
in this dark place.
It looks like it's coming from a hill,
like a hill with a light.
We didn't have one moment to just celebrate.
We fucking nailed it.
You left.
We just walked away.
This is why Judges and Dragons is better than a video game.
We didn't have to stay there.
We just left.
He didn't expect us to do that.
I didn't not expect that.
He's got to deal with it now.
But he respects it because he's a good dungeon master.
We just left.
That's what I wanted to hear.
I am a good dungeon master.
I don't know if we broke character to just do that.
No, we didn't.
To me, it's the most in-character I've ever ridden.
I'm a coward.
I don't want to die. I hate fighting.
It hurts me.
It's a weird quality for an adventurer.
You're always been a reluctant adventurer.
It's fine.
Adventurers come in various shapes.
Have you ever seen me play a video game
or heard me talk about one?
Just Minecraft.
I hide behind corners.
I try to build up my stealth skill
to the point where I'm functionally invisible
and I can cheat.
You'd make a great rogue.
And I'm a wizard.
It's a shame.
I played rogues my whole life.
Do you feel like a rogue inside?
I identify as a rogue.
Maybe you should continue to sort of transition
into a cross-class sort of situation.
I identify as a rogue.
Maybe it's Christopher.
I could help you with your transitioning.
We are tasting the fruits
of our amazing decision
to walk away from all this bullshit.
And you ride up to a large hill
that has a lit window in the hill,
inside of the hill.
It's like a hobbit-hole kind of situation.
That's what she said.
Sorry.
I hope you come back
for another show, Bob.
Sorry about that.
What do you think we should do?
I'm going to boldly go up
and look into this window.
You see a woman showering.
We get rewarded for everything this show.
This is Toronto.
Look at this woman.
And she's clean.
It's true.
Are you going to invite the rest of us
to see what you're seeing?
Hey, guys, nothing to see back here.
The home's empty.
All right.
I...
We're in a village?
No, this is the only dwelling
that you see that looks anything like this.
There are some rolling hills
around, but nothing like that.
Well, I guess I go up to the door and knock on it.
You guys should just move on without me.
I'm serious.
I'm just going to knock on the door
and see if there's anything in my home.
You knock on the door,
and there's no answer
as if someone was occupied inside.
Like you with the shower, for instance.
It seems like
so whoever's in there is either not home
or...
doing something...
You wouldn't be interested.
She's showering.
It's not a bath.
Oh, she's showering.
Well,
this is the first home we've come to in miles.
Should we go loot it?
I don't think we should.
I mean, I don't think we should do that.
You've been wanting to loot some things.
No, I haven't.
I don't know what you heard in the last podcast.
I must have been so drunk that...
I want to be a good person.
I want to...
Did you see the documentary?
That's my shtick.
I want to be a good person.
I...
So, the door is...
I break in.
Okay.
I assume nobody's home.
Yeah, you bust open the door
and you immediately are faced
with a woman showering.
Oh, Jesus. Sorry, lady.
She screams.
Okay, sorry, sorry.
I'm sorry.
I back out and I close the door.
I go, sorry, I thought you were in danger.
Did the rest of us hear the screaming?
Oh, yeah, I mean, screaming.
What did you do to her?
I close the door. I didn't do anything.
I close the door.
I go, sorry, just get out of the shower
and answer the door.
In 10 minutes, that happens.
What the fuck?
It's worse.
Now that you trust me,
my friends and I would like to come in
and speak to you
about a matter of global import.
Trust him.
He doesn't have the same sex drive he used to.
I see you as a beacon of light.
Whoo!
That happens.
All right, we sit at your table
and I say,
ma'am, do you know
the crack of Honduras?
I don't know. What are we doing?
Why did we go in?
I'm sorry.
I'm a little peckish.
Nice naked lady.
She's not naked anymore.
Well,
I have fond memories of you when I first saw you,
so that's my nickname for you.
So, nice naked lady.
Do you have any food
that we could eat?
I mean, you guys
just kind of, like,
broke down my door,
then went back outside
and waited for me to answer it.
It's a custom in my land.
We didn't mean to.
We're coming from a town that was overtaken by a demon.
I guess if it's a custom in your land.
Oh, okay, right.
What was the question?
We would like some food.
Oh, yeah, totally.
Do you know if there's a place where we could
stay
far from here?
No.
I'm, like, the closest place.
The closest place?
Where are we?
We're just outside of Rosebook.
Oh, so we haven't gone too far.
No, no.
We should just get provisions and ride on.
There's no adventure to be found here.
I don't know.
I think that she needs to understand that she...
Back off.
This is my gym.
I smoke a pipe full of
a traveler's weed.
I don't think you have a pipe.
I have a pipe.
I make a pipe out of her cabinet.
All right, okay.
Good one.
I smoke...
Well, you don't have any pipe weed, though.
I smoke pipe weed
that I make out of
the cabinet.
Okay.
You cough horribly, terribly
as if you were breathing poison.
Okay, and then I go...
Oh, kingdoms
come
and dungeons wait.
That should be a good ending to the story.
Because
adventurers
get out of my house.
We're singing a song.
It's a special song. You're gonna like it.
Okay.
Wait.
You're the loot.
Play the loot.
This happens every time he smokes cabinet.
I think that's it.
That's the conclusion of our adventure, right?
Yeah.
All right. Spencer, our dungeon master.
Jillian.
Jillian, our
Digmy Stars guard.
Jane, Jane.
Jane, Jane, John.
Jane.
Jane, our moonshine maker.
And
an ambassador to the
realms unknown.
And Bobcat Goldwaite.
Thank you.
Get Willow Creek.
Like, freak yourself out.
Oh, sure. Thank you.
Watch Willow Creek.
Also, he's working on a documentary that's gonna blow your mind.
But we don't need to promote that yet.
But it's gonna fucking blow your mind.
All right. Well, thank you, Toronto.
You've been absolutely
forgiving and pleasurable. Thank you.
See you tonight.